Mycena tintinnabulum
Mycena tintinnabulum is a European species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
The mycelium, but not the fruit body, is bioluminescent.Erich Hagen
Erich Hagen (11 December 1936 – 26 May 1978 in Leipzig) was a German cyclist who competed at the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics.His sporting career began with SC Wissenschaft Leipzig.
In 1956, he finished in 22nd place in the individual road race.
His team won a bronze medal in the road race, but he did not score.
In 1960, he won a silver medal in the 100 km team time trial and finished 21st in the road race.
In 1960, he won the multistage Peace Race.
Nationally, he won three titles between 1956 and 1958.
After retiring from cycling he worked as a taxi driver and died in a road crash.Mycena zephirus
Mycena zephirus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
It is bioluminescent.Mycena sublucens
Mycena sublucens is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Found in Indonesia, it was described as new to science in 1954 by English mycologist E. J. H. Corner.
The fruit bodies are bioluminescent.Mycena singeri
Mycena singeri is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Described as new to science in 1988, it is bioluminescent.Mycena pseudostylobates
Mycena pseudostylobates is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
It is bioluminescent.Mycena olivaceomarginata
Mycena olivaceomarginata is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Originally described as "Agaricus olivaceomarginata" by English mycologist George Edward Massee in 1890, he transferred it to "Mycena" in 1893.
Found in Europe and North America, the mycelium of the fungus is bioluminescent.
It was described from Great Britain.Mycena noctilucens
Mycena noctilucens is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
The species was first described scientifically by E.J.H.
Corner in 1954.
Found in Malaysia and the Pacific islands, the mycelium of the fungus is bioluminescent.Mycena manipularis
Mycena manipularis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Found in Australasia, Malaysia, and the Pacific islands, the mycelium and fruit bodies of the fungus are bioluminescent.Don't Stop Ai
Don't Stop Ai (stylized as DON'T STOP A.I.)
is the sixth studio album by Japanese R&B musician Ai, released on December 5, 2007.
It featured two successful singles, the mid-tempo R&B song "I'll Remember You" and the ballad "Taisetsu na Mono," both of which were certified gold by the RIAJ.
The album is the first of Ai's on which she extensively collaborated with Japanese musicians, and her first on which she worked closely with Scandinavian producers.
The final concert for Ai's tour of her previous album, "What's Goin' On Ai", was held at the Nippon Budokan stadium, which was the first time Ai performed at the venue.
The Budokan recording was released as Ai's first live album, "Live Ai", in March 2007.
In 2007, Ai performed at several Japanese summer rock festivals, including FM802 Meet the World Beat, Rock in Japan Festival, Voices of Heart II, AP Bank Fes and Monster Bash.
Ai released three singles before the release of the album, beginning with the double A-side single "I'll Remember You/Brand New Day" in July ("Brand New Day" was originally released digitally in June 2007).
"I'll Remember You" fared well, becoming certified gold twice by the RIAJ.
A month prior to the album's release, "One" was released as the theme song for the second series of the drama "Team Medical Dragon".
Ai's 2006 single "Believe" was used as the first season's theme song, and was extremely successful.
However, "One" did not mirror "Believe"'s success.
Ai started making the album after she finished her "What's Goin' On Ai" tour in December 2006.
Because she had just finished touring, Ai felt the strong energy from performing live, and was more conscious as to which songs would sound good performed live, compared to when creating her previous albums.
Ai chose "Brand New Day" as the first song to be released from the album (a song she thought was "fun" and "non-serious"), to contrast the serious message songs on her previous album, "What's Goin' On Ai" (2006).
The album features an almost completely new set of producers.
The one exception is T. Kura, who worked on the songs "Don't Stop" and "It's Show Time!!!."
Ai worked with Japanese composer The Company on three songs, "Butterfly," "The Answer" and the single "Taisetsu na Mono."
The team who worked together on the drama single "One," arranger and composer Toshiaki Matsumoto, were the same pair who created R&B singer Misia's 2000 hit ballad "Everything."
One other Japanese producer worked on the album, , who produced the original version of "Get Up."
For the first time, Ai worked with European songwriters.
Danish producer Jonas Jeberg wrote and produced both songs on the album's first single, "I'll Remember You/Brand New Day," while Swedish producers Fredrik "Fredro" Ödesjö and Mats Berntoft produced "Feel So Good."
Ai also collaborated with three American R&B/hip-hop producers: Ty Fyffe on "Ima," Troy Taylor on "My Sweet Home" and Darryl "Da Rulah" Farmer on "Move."
The album was primarily recorded at Prime Sound Studio Form and TamStar Studio Tokyo, with additional recording at Real & Beats Studio, Peninsula Studio, Crescente Studio and Tomita Lab Studio, all in Tokyo.
Several songs' instrumentals were recorded overseas, at Jayjay Productions Studio, New York City and Murlyn Studios, Stockholm.
Unlike her previous studio album, "What's Goin' On Ai" (2006), where Ai had collaborated with four overseas musicians, she now collaborated with five Japanese musicians.
On the song "Butterfly," Ai worked with three other female vocalists, rapper , rock musician Anna Tsuchiya and reggae artist Pushim.
This was the first time Ai worked with any of these musicians.
Ai was friends with all three musicians, having first met Anty the Kunoichi when she performed at a club in Nagoya, and having first met Tsuchiya on the set of the 2006 film "Memories of Matsuko", where both artists had made cameo appearances.
Ai was later featured on Tsuchiya's single "Crazy World" the next year.
On the song "Get Up," Ai collaborated with half-brother hip-hop MCs and Zeebra.
Ai had collaborated with Sphere of Influence in 2002 on his single "Luv Ya," and with Zeebra twice before ("Golden Mic (Remix)" in 2003 and "Do What U Gotta Do" in 2006).
"Don't Stop" samples the melody of the song "Hush" written by Joe South, originally performed by Billy Joe Royal, made famous by Deep Purple in the 1960s.
"Brand New Day" is a track based on the same music as American "High School Musical" singer Corbin Bleu's song "Marchin'" from his debut album "Another Side".
The song was released on Bleu's album one month before Ai's full length digital release of "Brand New Day," but one month after the ringtone release of Ai's version.
The song "The Answer" was originally made for "Team Medical Dragon"'s season two theme song, however the drama producers were looking for a "peaceful" song for the theme song instead.
"One" was created by Ai after hearing the creators' decision.
In "I Remember You," Ai tried to write lyrics to remember the people who encouragedd her to become a singer.
She did not write the song with love in mind.
The four singles released from the album all received major tie-ups.
"Brand New Day" was the Japan Airlines "JAL+One World" television commercial song, and "I'll Remember You" was used in headphone company Audio-Technica's 2007 campaign.
The song was also featured in commercials for digital download provider "music.jp" commercials.
"One" was the theme song to the second season of "Team Medical Dragon", for which Ai's "Believe" (2006) served as the theme song in the initial series.
"Taisetsu na Mono" was used in a 2008 campaign for Chartis Insurance, which cheered on athletes at the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics.
It also was used as the theme song for the American drama series "Heroes" in Japan.
Ai debuted her single "I'll Remember You" live at the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards Japan on May 26, 2007.
Ai also performed at the Live Earth charity concert on July 7, 2007, performing seven songs including "I'll Remember You" and "Brand New Day."
She performed a free concert outside of the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building on December 22, 2007, as a part of the Beijing Olympics promotion campaign.
Beginning February 2008, Ai toured the album extensively across Japan, performing 32 concerts at 28 venues on her "Don't Stop Ai Japan Tour 2008".
The tour ended on May 27 and May 28, with two performances at the Nippon Budokan.
The final concert was released to DVD on November 26, 2008.
Ai appeared on music TV shows Music Station on June 6, 2008, and Bokura no Ongaku on June 13, 2008, performing "Taisetsu na Mono."
"Listen Japan"'s Morio Mori called the album splended and impressive, and felt it was a signature album of Ai's.
He was impressed by the colalboration track "Butterfly," calling it a "current day "Lady Marmalade.""
"What's In?"
reviewers called "Brand New Day" an "awesome uptempo number" that brought images of marching, with the song's "tight beats and Ai's powerful vocals."
They praised the single "Taisetsu na Mono," calling the vocals "warm" and the chorus work "profound."
Tetsuo Hiraga of "Hot Express" felt that the lyrics of "One" were "deep, kind and straight forward."
CDJournal reviewers described "Brand New Day" as having "funky and fat beats."
Ai won one award for the videos from the album, and was nominated twice.
She won the Best Buzz Asia - Japan award at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards Japan for "I'll Remember You," which was also nominated for the best R&B video award.
"Brand New Day" was nominated for Best Female Video at the 2008 Space Shower Music Video Awards.
The album debuted at number four in Japan with 45,000 copies sold, underneath B'z, Kazumasa Oda and Yui Aragaki.
It was not as much of a long seller album as Ai's previous works, spending only two weeks in the top 20, and 12 weeks in the top 300.
The album was certified gold by the RIAJ for 100,000 physical copies shipped to stores in its month of release.
As of 2012, this album is Ai's fifth most successful release, and fourth most successful original album.
Personnel details were sourced from "Don't Stop Ai"s liner notes booklet.
Managerial
Performance credits
Visuals and imagery
Technical and productionGünter Lörke
Günter Lörke (23 June 1935) is a former German cyclist.
He won the silver medal in team time trial at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Bevor, he was national Champion with his Team SC DHfK Leipzig in Teamtrial in 1957 and 1958.Gonocephalum
Gonocephalum is a genus of darkling beetles in the family Tenebrionidae.
In the species of this genus the body is quite elongated, the base of pronotum is usually slightly narrower than the base of elytra.
The hind wings are developed.Mabel Hite
Mabel Hite (May 30, 1883 – October 22, 1912) was a vaudeville comedian and musical comedy actress.
Mabel Hite was born in Ashland, Kentucky on May 30, 1883, the daughter of Lewis and Elsie Hite.
Her family relocated to Pocatello, Idaho in the late 1880s and then Kansas City, Missouri in the mid-1890s, where her father found employment at the Owl Drug Store.
Lewis Hite, a native of Michigan, later became the first vice-president of the newly formed Kansas City local of the National Association of Drug Clerks.
Elsie Hite, originally from Illinois, would accompany her daughter throughout her early career which began at about age eleven in amateur theater as 'The Lord Chancellor' in Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera "Iolanthe".
By the late 1890s Hite was a performer with the Fairmont Stock Company of Kansas City and in 1898 toured as 'Adele Ray' in James M. Martin's ragtime farce-comedy, "The Late Mr.
Early".
The following year she appeared with the Dunne and Ryley Company as the orphan 'Pony Luce' in Charles Hale Hoyt's "A Milk White Flag".
In the late summer of 1900 Hite was a soloist with Boston's "The Howard's Own Show Company" before embarking on a two-season tour as 'Estelle Coocoo' in the Morton-Kerker musical comedy "The Telephone Girl".
In 1902 she played the 'waif' in road productions of the Charles Dazey melodrama "The Burglar and the Waif" and the following year toured in the musical "The Chaperons", as Phrosia.
Hite made her Broadway debut at the Knickerbocker Theatre on May 2, 1904, as 'Nerissa' in the musical comedy "A Venetian Romance", and the following year at Chicago's Garrick Theatre she played 'Captain Prissy Ping' in L. Frank Baum's "The Woggle-Bug".
In 1905 it was rumored that she was to marry the athlete Arthur Duffey, and as she was a divorcee he would meet Pope Pius X in order to attain special dispensation to wed.
The rumor proved false.
Later that year she toured with the Frank L. Perley Opera Company opposite Viola Gillette in "The Girl and the Bandit".
For the following season Hite joined forces with vaudevillian Walter Jones to form an act that met with success at vaudeville venues in and around New York City.
On March 30, 1907, Hite starred as 'Tillie Day' in B. C. Whitney's production of "A Knight for a Day" at Chicago's Whitney Opera House and the next spring she came back to Broadway to play 'Martha Scraggs' at the Circle Theatre (Broadway at 60th St.) in "The Merry-Go-Round".
Hite returned to vaudeville with her husband, professional baseball player Mike Donlin, in a series of comedic baseball skits.
She last appeared in vaudeville in the spring of 1912 in a skit entitled "Mabel Hite and Her Clowns".
Her last Broadway appearance came the year before at Wallack's Theatre playing 'Norah' in the musical farce "A Certain Party".
Hite died after a long struggle with intestinal cancer on October 22, 1912, at her mother's residence in New York City.
She was survived by Donlin, her husband for six years.
Hite had married once before, to Edward Ellis Hamlin, the son of a wealthy Marshall Field's executive, after a whirlwind courtship in 1901.
Their union ended in 1905 after two years of divorce proceedings.Mohammed Shehadeh
Dr. Mohammed Shehadeh a civil engineer, is the senior vice president of UNIBETON READY MIX.
He is a graduate in Civil Engineering from Florida State University, USA and Doctorate in Engineering by Dalhousie University, Canada.
He introduced SCC (Self Compacting Concrete ) for the first time in the UAE, and the Green Concrete or low carbon emission concrete in the UAE Market.
He also introduced real time rheology which can measure, temperature, slump, equivalent normal pressures at different drum speed, yield of concrete and viscosity without the interference of humans this along with GPS system can be recorded for future analysis saving thousands of cubic meter of concrete which otherwise wasted in carrying out these tests.
Implementation of new shotcrete methods to UAE market due to its many significant sustainability advantages on formwork, labour, speed and savings of 33-50% over conventional cast-in-place construction.
His hobbies are farming and horse riding.Fox Theatre (Visalia, California)
The Visalia Fox Theatre is a landmark movie palace and theater in downtown Visalia, California.
Opened in 1930 as a part of the Fox Theatre chain, it was converted to a three screen multiplex in 1976.
After a brief closure in the late 1990s, it was restored by a community group and reopened in 1999 as a live performance auditorium with a seating capacity of 1,275.
Designed and constructed from 1929-30 by Los Angeles-based architect Clifford A. Balch and engineer Floyd E. Stanbery, the Visalia Fox Theatre was erected at the end of the Silent Film era at a cost of $225,000 (2.9 million in 2010 dollars).
It is one of many such theaters throughout the United States and Canada built by William Fox and his Fox Film Corporation, later to become 20th Century Fox.
The Fox Theatre opened on February 27, 1930.
Opening night featured a talkie western, a newsreel, a Mickey Mouse
cartoon and a Laurel and Hardy comedy.
The theatre and the streets around it were packed for the premiere—quite a feat in a town of 7,000—an indication of the central role it would play in the community for decades to come.
The Fox would remain a one-screen auditorium theater for over 45 years until 1976, when most movie theaters were becoming multiplexes.
Having been purchased by the expanding Mann Theater corporation, and in order to stay in competition with two triplex movie theatres opening in Visalia around the same time, the one-auditorium was split into three screens.
The ground level of the theatre was divided into two auditoriums, with two different screens, while the balcony of the theater became the third auditorium.
The Fox would continue with this format showing first-run movies for 20 years until late 1996, when Mann built a 12-screen multiplex in the Sequoia Mall on the other side of town.
With the opening of the new multiplex, Mann shut down the doors to the Fox after 66 years of showing movies.
It wasn't very long before the Fox would be restored to its same mint condition as the day it opened in 1930.
The Fox is an atmospheric theatre designed to evoke the feeling of being outside in a far-away place.
This style of movie theater was common during the roaring twenties and into the Great Depression, when they were particularly popular as a fantastical escape from harsh realities outside.
Atmospheric theatres were created to be unique experiences.
Each was made with a different theme in mind, and the interior of the Visalia Fox emulates a temple garden in India or South Asia.
The ceiling is dotted with stars which flicker and glow during movies and performances to give the appearance of a clear night sky.
There are elaborate "temples" or "pagodas" flanked by murals on either side of the stage, and a hand-sculpted genie—a fearsome face between two elephants—above the proscenium arch.
The decadently lavish ambiance of the theater is the result of an artistic technique called trompe-l'œil, a French phrase indicating an object that appears to be something it is not.
Common at the beginning of the culture industry and the Golden Age of Hollywood, this kitsch approach to construction was a simple function of finances and practicability.
As the studios stepped up competition for the attention and admiration of their audiences, hundreds upon thousands of elaborate environments were erected across the world.
Architects and contractors eschewed prohibitively expensive materials like high-quality wood, gold leaf, and marble for more reasonably-priced ingredients like plaster and paint.
The Fox was shuttered in November 1996 and remained closed until a group of nostalgic community members known as "Friends of the Fox" took up the task of acquiring and restoring the decaying theatre.
The clock tower, long neglected, was filled with years of pigeon filth; the giant six-foot clock—a nuisance to keep on-time even in its heyday—was meticulously reassembled by a local engineer and the clock's former keeper.
Much of the intricate interior of the building was destroyed in 1976 by the hasty conversion to a three screen multiplex.
The genie above the stage was delicately and painstakingly re-sculpted by a local volunteer using old pictures as a template.
Most of the murals needed repainting, and countless flourishes and decorations needed replacing.
After three years and an outpouring of support from Visalia and surrounding communities, the restoration was complete.
Marvin Hamlisch played the Grand Re-Opening to a sold-out house on November 20, 1999.
The theater remains a vibrant performing arts center and defining feature of the community.
Nearly all of the Tulare County Symphony performances are held at the Fox.
Films are also still shown at the theater on occasion notably classic films, many of which were shown at the theatre many years prior when they were in first run.Nothopanus noctilucens
Nothopanus noctilucens is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.
Found in Japan, the fruit bodies of the fungus are bioluminescent.Omphalotus mangensis
Omphalotus mangensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.
Found in China, the fruit bodies of the fungus are bioluminescent.Tlalcuahuitl
Tlalcuahuitl or land rod also known as a cuahuitl was an Aztec unit of measuring distance that was approximately , to or long.
The abbreviation used for "tlalcuahuitl" is (T) and the unit square of a "tlalcuahuitl" is (T²).
Using their knowledge of "tlalcuahuitl", Barbara J. Williams of the Department of Geology at the University of Wisconsin and María del Carmen Jorge y Jorge of the Research Institute for Applied Mathematics and FENOMEC Systems at the National Autonomous University of Mexico believe the Aztecs used a special type of arithmetic.
This arithmetic ("tlapōhuallōtl" ) the researchers called Acolhua Congruence Arithmetic and it was used to calculate the area of Aztec people's land as demonstrated below:Poromycena hanedai
Poromycena hanedai is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.
Found in Japan, the species was first described by Kobayasi in 1951.
It is bioluminescent.Roridomyces irritans
Roridomyces irritans is a species of fungus in the genus "Roridomyces", family Mycenaceae.
Originally described from New Caledonia as "Mycena irritans" by Egon Horak in 1978, the species was transferred to "Roridomyces" in 1994.
The fruit bodies are bioluminescent.2012–13 Men's FIH Hockey World League Round 1
The 2012–13 Men's FIH Hockey World League Round 1 was held from August to December 2012.
A total of 35 teams competing in 9 events were part in this round of the tournament playing for 13 berths in the Round 2, played from February to June 2013.
Each national association member of the International Hockey Federation (FIH) had the opportunity to compete in the tournament.
Teams ranked 17th and lower in the FIH World Rankings current at the time of seeking entries for the competition were allocated to one of the Round 1 events.
The following 35 teams, shown with final pre-tournament rankings, competed in this round of the tournament.
"All times are Central European Summer Time ()"
"All times are Singapore Standard Time ()"
"All times are Greenwich Mean Time ()"
"All times are British Summer Time ()"
"All times are Western European Summer Time ()"
"All times are Atlantic Standard Time ()"
"All times are Pacific Standard Time ()"
"All times are ()"
"All times are Fiji Summer Time ()"Singair Mosque
The Singair Mosque () is one of the mosques that form part of the Mosque City of Bagerhat, a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Bangladesh.
It is located adjacent to the Sixty Dome Mosque.
It is a square shaped single dome mosque, which was typical in the architecture of the Bengal Sultanate.
The dome is supported on thick walls and topped with a cambered cornice.
The walls are approximately 7-inches thick.
It was presumably built by Khan Jahan Ali during the Sultanate period in the mid-15th century.
This is due to the style of the mosque being similar to Khan's other works.
The brick texture contains rows of terracotta designs.甲山
甲山 may refer to:Tonga National Paralympic Committee
Tonga National Paralympic Committee (IPC code: TGA) is the National Paralympic Committee representing Tonga.Gangala-na-Bodio Elephant Domestication Center
Gangala-na-Bodio was a colonial-era elephant-domestication station located near Faradje in present-day Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Belgian project at Kira Vunga, Api and Gangala was the first attempt to domesticate African elephants for work.Mpanga-Kipengere Game Reserve
The Mpanga-Kipengere Game Reserve is a protected area in Njombe Region of the Southern Highlands of Tanzania, East Africa.
The reserve covers an area of .
The altitude ranges from to .
In addition to the preservation of wildlife the reserve is an important catchment for the headwaters of several rivers that feed into the Great Ruaha River and provide water for the Usangu wetlands.
Since 2005, the protected area is considered a Lion Conservation Unit.
The Mpanga-Kipengere Game Reserve is located at the northern end of the Kipengere Range (Livingstone mountain range).
It lies partly in Makete District and partly in Wanging'ombe District.
Tributaries of the Great Ruaha River that originate there include the Mbarali, Mlomboji, Kimani and Ipera rivers, all of which flow basically northwards.Quantum Leap (season 5)
Season five of "Quantum Leap" ran on NBC from September 22, 1992 to May 5, 1993.
It consists of twenty-two episodes.
An episode from the show's final season received another Creative Arts Emmy Award, this time for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Editing for a Series – Single Camera Production (episode "Lee Harvey Oswald").
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>Dieter Gieseler
Dieter Gieseler(10 January 1941 – 8 February 2008) was a German cyclist.
He won the silver medal in 1000m time trial in the 1960 Summer OlympicsJayrud
Jairoud (; also spelled Jerud or Jayroud; ancient 'Geroda'Bold text) is a city in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northeast of Damascus in the Qalamoun Mountains.
Nearby localities include ar-Ruhaybah, al-Qutayfah and Muadamiyat al-Qalamoun to the southwest, Yabroud, an-Nabek and Deir Atiyah to the north and al-Qaryatayn to the northeast.
According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Jairoud had a population of 24,219 in the 2004 census.
The city is also the administrative center of the Jairoud "nahiyah" which consists of four towns and villages with a combined population of 31,821.
Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.
Excavations at the site produced microliths, blades, scrapers and other lithic tools dating back to the Natufian culture.
During Roman times, Jairoud was known as Geroda.
The city is mentioned in the Antonine Itinerary which was written during the reign of Diocletian.
In the itinirary the city is one of the stations on the Roman road between Palmyra and Damascus, and is at a distance of 16 Roman miles from "Telsea" (modern Al-Dumayr).
Jairoud was visited by Syrian geographer Yaqut al-Hamawi in the early 13th-century, during Ayyubid rule.
He noted that it was "a village of Ma'loula in the Ghautah of Damascus."
Under the Ottomans, the city served as the centre of the "Jairoud Nahiyah", and was the seat of a "Pasha" (Mohammed Aldaas Jairoudi Pasha) and an "Agha" (Saleem Aldaas Agha) In the 19th century, the city was described as affluent, hospitable and "unusually clean."
The city was attacked frequently by Bedouin tribes that live on the edge of the Syrian Desert.
The city lies on the ancient merchant caravan route between Damascus and Palmyra, in the fertile plain of Jairoud on the foothills of the Qalamoun Mountains.
The land is well-cultivated and is known for its produce of wheat and barley.
The city lies to the western end of a large salt marsh called, "al-Mallahah".Lim Kwan-sik
Lim Kwan-Sik (; born 28 July 1975) is a South Korean retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
He made his national team debut on 21 January 2000 at friendly against New Zealand.Hiroshige Koyama
Hiroshige Koyama (1937–2016) was a Japanese botanist specialist of Asteraceae.Charles Hopkins (poet)
Charles Hopkins (1664?–1700?)
was an Anglo-Irish poet and dramatist.
The elder son of Ezekiel Hopkins, bishop of Derry, he was born about 1664 at Exeter and was taken early to Ireland.
He was educated at Trinity College, Dublin, and then at Queens' College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A.
1688.
Returning to Ireland Hopkins engaged in military service.
He subsequently settled in England, and gained some reputation as a writer of poems and plays.
Giles Jacob in the "Poetical Register" says that he might have made a fortune in any scene of life, but was unmotivated.
His death aged 35, about the beginning of 1700, was put down to a debauched lifestyle.
John Dryden, in a letter to Mrs.
Steward (7 November 1699), described Hopkins as "a poet who writes good verses without knowing how or why; I mean, he writes naturally well, without art or learning or good sense."
He wrote:
Hopkins was also the author of three tragedies, performed at Lincoln's Inn Fields:
Before "Friendship Improved" there is a dedicatory epistle, written from Londonderry (to Edward Coke of Norfolk), in which the author refers to his failing health: "My Muse is confined at present to a weak and sickly tenement; and the winter season will go near to overbear her, together with her household."
In John Nichols's "Collection of Poems" are preserved some verses written by Hopkins "about an hour before his death".Harry Andreas
Harry Andreas (born Ehenriech Phillip Andreas 1879 – 1955) was an Australian businessman and company director.
As a big-game fisherman he pioneered the sport in New Zealand.
He was the inventor of the Andreas Fortuna Game Fish Reel and is described in the 1935 edition of "Who's Who in Australia" as being of "Independent Means".
Harry Andreas was born in Sydney, the first son of Australian-born Hannah (née Denning) and English-born Phillip Ehenriech Andreas.
His younger brother, Charles Denning Andreas (18801882), died as an infant.
During his childhood, the Andreas family lived in Palace Street, Petersham, New South Wales.
Andreas was educated at Newington College (18911895) where he was a talented sportsman and shot.
In 1893, he competed in the Queen’s Rifle Shoot at Bisley, England whilst still at Newington.
From his earliest years out of school, Andreas is notable as a sportsman with his activities chronicled by the "Sydney Morning Herald" and other newspapers.
Leuralla was Andreas's house in Leura.
In 1903 a house was built on the current site but was destroyed by bushfire in 1909.
Between 1910 and 1914 the present house was built and is a notable example of an early 20th Century holiday residence for a wealthy family.
The property is still owned by the family and now houses a toy and railway museum.
Andreas also maintained a family residence on Sydney Harbour at Elamang Avenue, Kirribilli.
In 1905, Andreas Applied to the Commonwealth Commissioner of Patents to register his improvements to an acetylene generator.
Only 46 of his "Fortuna Reel Andreas Pat.
No 123405/18 & 19 Ex Wide" were produced between 1934 and 1936 and one was sold at auction in London on 14 July 2012 for £5,200.
His friend and fellow Old Newingtonian, George Harker, was the inventor of a patented system of extinguishing fires at sea and fumigation and in 1908 when the Harker FIre Extinguisher and Fumlgator Company was formed Andreas became a director.
During the 1927 Royal Tour of Australasia, Andreas acted as a fishing guide for The Duke and Duchess of York (later King George VI and Queen Elizabeth) in the Bay of Islands.
Whilst her parents were fishing with Andreas the young Princess Elizabeth (later Queen Elizabeth II) was at home in London but during the 1954 Royal Visit to Australia, Andreas welcomed Her Majesty and His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh as guests at Leuralla.
From as early as 1906, Andreas was the Country Vice-President in Leura for the Old Newingtonians' Union (ONU) and he continued to serve in that position until his death in 1955.
Andreas presented annually a Hardy Brothers medal to the Newington College boy who was the highest scorer in the AAGPS shooting competition.
From 1956 until 1969 the Andreas Medal continued to be presented in his honour by the ONU.
In 1994 the Andreas Medal was funded in perpetuity by his grandchildren.
In 1902, Andreas married Alice May Burton, the daughter of William Henry Burton of Leicester, England.
The marriage produced two sons and two daughters: Marjorie, Mrs. Clive Evatt; Phillip Andreas; Lucy, Mrs. Erling Aargaard; and William Andreas.
Alice Andreas died, aged 73, in Leura in 1952.
Harry Andreas died in Bowral, New South Wales, survived by his four children.
His current great-great grandchildren are Annie Sergi, Matthew Sergi, William Andreas, and Arabella Andreas.Nine Dome Mosque
The Nine Dome Mosque is a historic mosque in the Mosque City of Bagerhat in Bangladesh.
It was built during the governorship of Khan Jahan Ali in the 15th-century, under the reign of the Bengal Sultanate.
The Nine Dome Mosque is located to the west of the takur dighi tank and built in the 15th century, it is close to Khan Jahan Ali's Tomb.
Its western wall conventionally faces west towards Mecca.
It has been since substantially restored.
Close to this mosque are the Zinda Pir Mosque and mazar (tomb), which are in ruins.
It is close to Khan Jahan Ali's Tomb.
Its western wall conventionally faces west towards Mecca, where the mihrab is inset on the western wall; terra cotta floral scrolls and flower motifs are the decorations seen around the mihrab.
Circular towers are provided in the four corners.
The walls of the mosque support a large central dome which has eight smaller domes around it.
This structure was also affected by sulphates.
It has been since substantially restored.
Close to this mosque are the Zinda Pir Mosque and mazar.Mohamed Boudchiche
Mohamed Boudchiche (; born February 24, 1962 in Oran) is an Algerian former boxer who fought in the heavyweight division.
He participated for two times at the olympic games 1980 and 1984.
He won many national and international titles.
Mohamed Boudchiche started boxing in his native city Oran with .
Bouchiche turned pro in 1988 and had some success.
He was African professional champion in the 90'.List of Hindu temples in Bangladesh
The list of Hindu temples in Bangladesh by district
Middle Tal Baria Upasana Mondir.
Mirsarai, Chittagong.
Ayachak Ashram, Rahimpur Muradnagar, Comilla.
• Dhromshova Temple, Ghoramara, Rajshahi.
• Sree Sree Madhov Temple, Court, Rajshahi.
• Chondipur Kali Temple, Rajshahi.
• Kashiadanga Shiva Temple, Rajshahi.
• Borda Kali Temple, Kumar Para, Rajshahi
• Saheb Bazar Temple, Rajshahi.
• Jora Kali Temple, Rashahi
• Keshavpur Temple, Police Line, Rajshahi.
• Hanumanji Temple, Ganok Para, Rajshahi.
• Bulonpur Ghosh Para Temple, Rajshahi.
• Sree Gourango Temple, Khetor Dham, Rajshahi.
• Shosan Kali Temple, Rajshahi.
• Ghoshpara Temple, Kajla, Rajshahi.
• Shiva Temple, Sree Rampur, Rajshahi.
• Melon Temple, Medical Collage Ghoshpara, Rajshahi.
• Iskon Temple, Premtoli, Rajshahi.
• Iskon Temple, Ghoramara, Rajshahi.
• Sree Kali Temple, Rajar Hata, Rajshahi.
• Sree Shiva Temple, Hetem Khan, Rajshahi.
• Sree Krishna Temple, Premtoli, Rajshahi.
• Sree Krishna Temple, Rani Bazar, Rajshahi.
• Sree Kali Temple, Fudki Para, Saheb Bazar, Rajshahi.
• Sree Shiva Temple, Bose Para, Rajshahi.
• Sree Shiva Temple, Puthia, Rajshahi.
• Sree Shiva Temple, Shekher Chalk, Rajshahi.
• Sree Kali Temple, Ghosh Para, Kumar Para, Rajshahi.Tomasz Siemoniak
Tomasz Siemoniak (born 2 July 1967) is a Polish politician, Minister of National Defence from 2 August 2011 to 16 November 2015 and Deputy Prime Minister of Poland from 22 September 2014 to 16 November 2015.
Siemoniak was born on 2 July 1967.
He graduated from the Foreign Trade Faculty of the Warsaw School of Economics.
During his university education, he was the head of the Independent Student Association (NZS).
Siemoniak began his career at the Polish public broadcasting unit, Telewizja Polska, as the director of the office for field branches and general director of Channel 1.
His tenure lasted from 1994 to 1996.
He served as the director of the press and information office at the ministry of national defence from 1998 to 2000.
During this period he was also a member of the Warsaw city centre district council and deputy chairman of the culture committee of the council.
He was appointed deputy chairman of the supervisory board of the Polish News Agency in 1998, and his tenure ended in 2002.
From December 2000 to July 2002 he was also deputy mayor of Warsaw.
He was named as a board member of Polskie Radio SA (public radio company) in 2002 and served there until 2006.
Then he was appointed deputy marshal in the marshal’s office of the Mazowieckie Voivodeship (November 2006 - November 2007).
From November 2007 to August 2011, he held the post of secretary of state in the ministry of interior and administration.
Siemoniak is a member of the Civic Platform headed by Donald Tusk.
On 2 August 2011, he was appointed minister of national defense in the cabinet led by the prime minister Donald Tusk.
Siemoniak replaced Bogdan Klich in the post.
After the elections in October 2011, Tusk reformed the cabinet and Siemoniak retained his post as defense minister.
In August 2012, Siemoniak declared that Poland is planning to form its own missile defense system with an estimated budget of between $3 billion and $6 billion.Tekin Okan Düzgün
Tekin Okan Düzgün (born May 24, 1988 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish national goalball player of class B1 and Paralympian.
A member of Ankara Goalball Sports Club, Düzgün played in Turkey's national team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, which became bronze medalist.Bolshaya Kheta River
The Bol’shaya Kheta () is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.
It is a left tributary of the Yenisei.Biltmore Park Town Square
Biltmore Park Town Square is an upscale new urbanist shopping center opened in mid-2009 in Asheville, North Carolina with its anchors being REI, Regal Cinemas, Barnes & Noble, with lots of other small shops.
It was built as an outdoor "Town Center" with store fronts on the outside.
Although the center opened in 2009, the YMCA and some stores began opening as early as 2005.
They are still found in this center.
Stores like LOFT, Orvis, and Bette can be found here along with a large hotel onsite, the Hilton.
Many restaurants are in the center, including P.F.
Changs, Which Wich, Travinia Italian Kitchen, Hickory Tavern, Coldstone Creamery, and BTs Burger Joint.
Neighborhoods were developed around the center.
The small Asheville campus of Western Carolina University is located at Biltmore Park Town Square, while the main campus is located in Cullowhee, North Carolina, about 60 miles away.
WCU’s Asheville location focuses on educating part-time students in pursuit of professional and graduate degrees.Helops
Helops is a genus of "darkling beetles" (insects belonging to the family Tenebrionidae) in the subfamily Tenebrioninae.Mann River Nature Reserve
The Mann River Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located on the eastern edge of the Great Dividing Range on the Northern Tablelands in the New England region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.
The reserve is situated approximately east of the town of , some west of , and approximately north-east of .
The reserve is located to the south of the Gwydir Highway on the Old Grafton Road.
The Mann River bisects the reserve.
After an interest to protect the area, on 7 July 1985 an area of was gazetted as the Mann River Nature Reserve.
The reserve is currently managed by NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service.
The reserve is set nearby the old Grafton road, which in its day was the major route between Glen Innes and Grafton.
The road was first built after an interest of logging for red cedar became predominant in the 1840s.
As the Mann River Nature Reserve is a part of the Great Dividing Range, the terrain itself is quite mountainous.
There are a few creeks and rivers which traverse the nature reserve itself, the most major being the Mann River.
The vegetation in the nature reserve is forests with native trees of Australia dotting the landscape.
As the vegetation is forest, bushfires can start in the warm summer months, especially after a period of little rain.
The nature reserve is home to many different varieties of Australian wildlife, including kangaroos, quolls and wallabies.
The highest point in the nature reserve is Tommys Rock Lookout, which is set at an elevation of above sea level.
The reserve is a more unknown area to tourists when comparing it to other national parks, although there are camping facilities available.
There are walking tracks to for visitors to view the park itself.Nostoc commune
Nostoc commune is a species of cyanobacterium in the family Nostocaceae.
Common names include star jelly, witch's butter, mare's eggs, fah-tsai and facai.
It is the type species of the genus "Nostoc" and is cosmopolitan in distribution.
"Nostoc commune" is a colonial species of cyanobacterium.
It initially forms a small, hollow gelatinous globule which grows and becomes leathery, flattened and convoluted, forming a gelatinous mass with other colonies growing nearby.
Inside the thin sheath are numerous unbranched hair-like structures called trichomes formed of short cells in a string.
Cells have no nucleus nor internal membrane system.
To multiply, they form two new cells when they divide by binary fission.
Along the trichomes, larger specialist nitrogen-fixing cells called heterocysts occur between the ordinary cells.
When wet, "Nostoc commune" is bluish-green, olive green or brown but in dry conditions it becomes an inconspicuous, crisp brownish mat.
"Nostoc commune" is found in many countries around the world.
It is able to survive in extreme conditions in polar regions and arid areas.
It is a terrestrial or freshwater species and forms loose clumps on soil, gravel and paved surfaces, among mosses and between cobbles.
In Singapore, "Nostoc commune" is found growing on alkaline soils, in brackish water, in paddy fields, on cliffs and on wet rocks.
"Nostoc commune" can fix nitrogen from the atmosphere and can therefore live in locations where no nitrogenous compounds are available from the substrate.
"Nostoc commune" does not have chloroplasts but contains photosynthetic pigments in the cytoplasm of the cells.
It also contains pigments that absorb long and medium wavelength ultraviolet radiation, which enables it to survive in places with high levels of radiation.
Under adverse conditions, "Nostoc commune" can remain dormant for an extended period of time and revive when conditions improve and water becomes available.
The desiccated colony is resistant to heat and to repeated patterns of freezing and thawing and produces no oxygen while dormant.
It has been found that extracellular polysaccharides are vital to its stress tolerance and ability to recover.
"Nostoc commune" can occur in pockets in the thallus of hornworts such as "Phaeoceros".
"Nostoc commune" is eaten as a salad in the Philippines and is also eaten in Indonesia, Japan and China.
In Taiwan, it is nicknamed 雨來菇 "yǔ lái gū" (meaning "post-rain mushroom").
"Nostoc commune" var.
"flagelliforme" is known as 发菜 "fàcài" in China which forms part of the food traditionally served at the Lunar New Year.
Research indicates that consumption of "Nostoc commune" var.
"sphaeroides", in addition to consumption of other cyanobacteria may be beneficial by means of an anti-inflammatory mechanism.John Hopkins (poet)
John Hopkins (born 1675) was an Anglo-Irish poet.
He was the second son of Ezekiel Hopkins, bishop of Derry, and younger brother of Charles Hopkins.
He was born on 1 January 1675.
John Hopkins graduated B.A.
in 1693, and proceeded M.A.
in 1698 from Jesus College, Cambridge.
Hopkins published in 1698 two Pindaric poems:
In the following year he issued "Milton's Paradise Lost imitated in Rhyme.
In the Fourth, Sixth, and Ninth Books: Containing the Primitive Loves.
The Battel of the Angels.
The Fall of Man".
His final work was a collection of love-verses and translations from Ovid, "Amasia, or the Works of the Muses … In three volumes", 1700, with a general dedication to Isabella FitzRoy, Duchess of Grafton, and dedications of particular sections to various persons of distinction.
There is a derisive notice on Hopkins in "A Session of the Poets", 1704–5.Yusuf Uçar
Yusuf Uçar (born January 1, 1987 in Reyhanlı, Hatay Province, Turkey) is a Turkish national goalball player of class B1 and Paralympian.
A member of İstanbul Visually Impaired People Sports Club, Uçar played in Turkey's national team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, which became bronze medalist.Zabrid
Zabrid () is a village ("selo") in Busk Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.
It was established in 1500.
The village has 85 inhabitants.Fred (footballer, born 1993)
Frederico Rodrigues de Paula Santos (born 5 March 1993), known as Fred (), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for English club Manchester United and the Brazil national team.
Fred started his career at Brazilian club Internacional, where he won the Campeonato Gaúcho twice.
On 26 June 2013, he signed for Ukrainian club Shakhtar Donetsk, where he won 10 trophies, including four Ukrainian Premier League titles.
In 2018, Fred signed for Manchester United.
Fred was part of Brazil's squad for the 2015 Copa América in Chile, starting in their final two Group C matches as they reached the quarter-finals.
He was named in Brazil's final 23-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Fred started his career at Brazilian club Internacional, where he won the Campeonato Gaúcho twice.
On 26 June 2013, Fred signed for Ukrainian team Shakhtar Donetsk in a deal worth €15 million.
He scored two goals on his competitive debut in the Ukrainian Super Cup, helping Shakhtar to a 3–1 victory over Chornomorets Odesa.
During the Ukrainian crisis, Fred was among the six Shakhtar players who refused to return to Donetsk in July 2014 following a pre-season friendly against Olympique Lyonnais in France.
On 21 February 2018, Fred scored his first goal in the UEFA Champions League in the round of 16 first leg with AS Roma, with Shakhtar winning 2–1.
With Shakhtar, Fred won 10 trophies, including four Ukrainian Premier League titles.
On 5 June 2018, Premier League club Manchester United reached an agreement to sign Fred.
He agreed a five-year contract with the option to extend for a further year.
On 11 August, he made his club debut in a 2–1 victory over Leicester City in their first league game of the season.
Due to an injury to Luiz Gustavo, Fred was called up to Brazil's squad for the 2015 Copa América in Chile, starting in their final two Group C matches as they reached the quarter-finals.
In May 2018, he was named in Tite's final 23-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Fred tested positive for the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide in a sample collected during the 2015 Copa América.
On 14 December 2015, he received a one-year suspension from CONMEBOL, which was made effective worldwide by FIFA on 5 February 2016 and backdated to 27 June 2015.
After he played the first half of the 2016–17 season, the World Anti-Doping Agency appealed a demand for a two-year suspension to as well be backdated to June 2015, which Fred began to serve in March 2017.
Internacional
Shakhtar DonetskJasiirada Koyama
Koyama(also known as Kunyama Kundeeq) (also spelled Kwayama and Coiama) is a Somali island in Jubaland that is the second largest island of the Bajuni Islands archipelago in the Somali sea, situated only from the mainland coast of Somalia.
It is long and up to wide, and features a large bay or lagoon opening towards the mainland coast.
At , it is almost equal in size to Chula, which measures .
Koyama island has two separate villages, Koyama and Koyamani.
Koyama is rich in historic ruins and monuments such as pillar tombs.
All Bajuni inhabitants of the island belong to the somali government.
It is also home to The Harti subclan of the ,Daarood , at which if there steady migration continues it will have a Harti Majority and will become the 3rd Biggest District in The Lower Jubba1916 Liverpool East Toxteth by-election
The Liverpool East Toxteth by-election, 1916 was a parliamentary by-election held in England on 21 February 1916 for the House of Commons constituency of Liverpool East Toxteth.
The by-election was caused by the appointment of the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), Edward Marshall Hall as the Recorder of Guildford.
The Recorder's role as a part-time judge disqualified him from sitting in Parliament, and his acceptance of the post automatically caused a vacancy, and Hall accepted the appointment after checking with the Liverpool Conservatives that a by-election would not be problematic for them.
The writ of election for the by-election was moved in the Commons on 10 February by William Bridgeman, the MP for Oswestry.
The Conservatives had already selected Captain James Stuart Rankin as their prospective candidate for the next general election.
The 36-year-old Rankin, who was then serving in Liverpool with the Royal Field Artillery, was formally adopted on 14 February as the Conservative candidate for the by-election.
During World War I, the major political parties had agreed not to contest by-elections when seats held by their respective parties fell vacant, and the Toxteth Liberals accepted Rankin's nomination.
They did not nominate a candidate of their own.
Since Rankin was the only candidate, he was returned unopposed.
At the next general election, in 1918, Rankin was re-elected unopposed as a Coalition Conservative.
He held the seat until he stood down at the 1924 general election,Toxteth by-election
Toxteth by-election may refer to:List of films split into multiple parts
Over the course of the history of cinema, films have sometimes been split into multiple parts.
This has been done for a number of reasons: creative, practical, and financial.
Originally done in the form of low-budget serial films, in later history it has often been done with big-budget feature films.
Early examples were serials, which were produced in chapters of 10–30 minutes each, and presented in theaters one each week as a prelude to feature films on the same ticket.
With each episode typically ending in a cliffhanger, they encouraged regular attendance at the cinema, and the short running length kept down the cost of each installment, and the number of reels needed to show them.
Later feature films would be produced with a similar strategy in mind, deliberately setting up plot developments to be developed in subsequent features.
When the initial film has been highly successful, additional installments may be produced concurrently, taking advantage of economies of scale and the availability of actors and directors to facilitate production.
(e.g.
"The Matrix", "Back to the Future")
A common reason for splitting a film has been to accommodate an extended running time; many people would find it uncomfortable to sit for a single three- or four-hour presentation.
Some films have addressed this by adopting a practice typical in stage theater: having an intermission at the approximate midpoint of the film, during which members of the audience can stand and walk around, use the restroom if needed, or get a snack or refill their beverage at the concession stand.
(e.g.
"Gandhi", "Gods and Generals") Other directors have instead split the film into separate releases.
(e.g. "")
In the 21st century, it became increasingly common for big-budget films – usually those based on novels which might otherwise have to be substantially condensed, but especially the last in a series – to be released as multiple features.
The film adaptation of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" was one of the first to do so with the final book in a series, a pattern followed by the "Twilight", "The Hunger Games", and "Divergent" series.
Peter Jackson's film adaptation of "The Hobbit" – a final follow-up to his "The Lord of the Rings" series – was released as three separate features.
In many cases, the process of splitting films has been criticized, citing financial motivations in turning successful books into longer film series.
ABC in Australia called it "a recent Hollywood trend of splitting a single book into multiple movies to maximise box office returns from blockbuster franchises".
"The Hobbit" proved particularly controversial because the running time was the result of adding material that was not part of the original book.
Studios have countered that one reason for splitting novels from series like "Harry Potter" and "The Hunger Games" into multiple films is to appease fans who do not want the film series to end.
They have also cited the reluctance of theaters to play lengthy films (due to the constraints that longer runtimes place on the number of times a film can be shown per day) without also raising ticket prices accordingly.Jorge de Alarcão
Jorge de Alarcão (born 3 November 1934 in Coimbra, Portugal) is a portuguese archaeologist.
He got his Bachelor's degree in Historical and Philosophical Sciences at the University of Coimbra and became a Postgrad in Western European Archaeology at the University of Oxford.
His doctoral dissertation was on "Cerâmica Comum Local e Regional de Conimbriga".
He has received honorary doctorates from the University of Bordeaux (1985) and Santiago de Compostela (1996) and has oriented at least 50 students.
Between 1967 and 1974 he directed the Museum Machado de Castro (Coimbra).
From 1967 to 2000 he directed the Institute of Archaeology, Faculty of Letters of Coimbra.
His more than ninety publications include "Les villas romaines de São Cucufate", written in collaboration with R. Etienne and F. Mayet.
His English publications include the two-volume edited work "Roman Portugal" (1988).
His fields include classical archaeology, especially in Portugal, and archaeological theory.
He has been awarded the Ordre des Palmes Académiques, the Prémio Gulbenkian de Arqueologia, and the "Génio Protector da Colónia Augusta Emérita" award.Moredun Research Institute
The Moredun Research Institute is a scientific research institution based at the Pentlands Science Park, in the Bush Estate area of Midlothian, Scotland.
It conducts research into diseases of farm livestock and the promotion of animal health and welfare.
Moredun employs over 200 vets, scientists and support staff, that are funded primarily by the Agriculture, Food and Rural Communities Directorate of the Scottish Government.
The Institute received £7.1 million from the government in 2010–11.
The Animal Diseases Research Association, now the registered charity the Moredun Foundation, was founded in 1920 by a group of Scottish farmers, with the aim of improving the health of livestock, especially sheep.
The association founded a research institute employing vets and scientists, and over the decades the scope of animal health work expanded to cover goats, cows, horses and wildlife.
The Institute was originally based at Moredun, in Edinburgh.
The origins of Moredun go back to the years following World War I which saw an increased demand for home grown food and a significant rise in the market value of livestock.
This emphasised the seriousness of the losses associated with disease and concerned farmers voiced their strong support for an organised body to conduct research into livestock diseases.
In the 1920s Louping Ill and Braxy claimed almost a third of the lambs born in Scotland and Grass Sickness was having a devastating effect on horses, which were used for heavy labour on farms at that time.
In March 1920 a group of enlightened Scottish farmers held a public meeting at the Highland and Agricultural Society's chambers in Edinburgh and the Animal Diseases Research Association (now known as The Moredun Foundation) was formed.
Within six years the founder members had raised enough funds to buy a plot of land and build the Moredun Research Institute.
Within ten years of the Research Institute opening, Moredun scientists had discovered the cause and developed vaccines and treatment strategies for Braxy and lamb dysentery.
Scientists then went on to solve the mystery of Louping Ill which was found to be caused by a virus transmitted by ticks and a vaccine was soon developed.
By the 1940s over half a million doses of vaccine and treatment products were produced and distributed by Moredun.
Research gained momentum and further funding was secured to find out the causes of many different diseases such as: scrapie, pine, milk fever, Johne’s disease and a range of respiratory and reproductive disorders.
Vaccines, diagnostics and treatment strategies followed.
Today, many of the veterinary medicines and vaccines that are routinely used on farms have been researched, developed or tested at Moredun.
This research is vital – 17% of the value of the UK sheep industry is lost each year due to infectious diseases.
Subclinical infections of gut parasites are estimated to cost the UK sheep industry over £84 million a year in lost production.
Enzootic abortion in ewes is thought to cost the UK sheep industry £15 million a year and Johne’s disease costs the UK cattle industry £13 million a year.
Ninety years on, and still governed by farmers, Moredun’s mission to improve animal health and welfare remains strong and Moredun continues to apply cutting edge science and technology to help protect both livestock and people, today and tomorrow.
The Pentlands Science Park opened in 1995.
It is part of the Moredun Group, under the control of the Moredun Foundation.
It is a public-private partnership.
The Pentlands Science Park and Moredun are participants in the Edinburgh Science Triangle project.
In addition to being the home of the Moredun Research Institute, the science park has attracted 20 companies to the site.
The focus of Pentlands Science Park is animal bioscience but the tenants include research companies involved in pharmaceuticals, software, and environmental science.
The area occupied by non-Moredun organisations is approximately 55,000 sq ft, and these tenants employ over 200 people.John Mary
John Mary Honi Uzuegbunam (born 9 March 1993) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Shenzhen as a forward.
Born in the Anambra State in Nigeria, he began his career with Cameroonian club AS Fortuna de Mfou Yaoundé.
He left Yaoundé in 2009 and signed for Union Sportive de Douala.
On 28 March 2012 he was signed by Buriram United in what will be a beginning of three seasons spent in Thai football.
From Buriram he moved to Bangkok Christian College in summer 2012, and next he played with Krabi in the 2013 Thai Division 1 League.
On 24 January 2015, he signed a two-and-a-half year contract with Serbian club Vojvodina.
On 18 July 2016 John Mary signed one-year deal with Slovenian side Rudar Velenje.
In January 2018, Mary moved to the China League One side Meizhou Hakka.
On 2 July 2019, Mary joined Chinese Super League club Shenzhen.
Despite being born in Nigeria, John Mary was naturalized and played for Cameroon U20 in 2011, at the time he was playing with Union Douala in Cameroon.
IndividualBrad Laner
Brad Laner (born November 6, 1966 in Los Angeles, California) is an American musician and record producer best known for his work with the shoegaze band Medicine, which he founded and led.
Prior to Medicine, he was involved in avant-improv bands such as Debt of Nature (at the age of 15), Steaming Coils (at the age of 18)—which also featured members of Los Angeles Free Music Society—and most notably the experimental tribal post-punk outfit Savage Republic, which, according to Pitchfork Media, foreshadowed many ideas later explored in the post-rock genre.
He has also been active as a solo artist, recording under the moniker Electric Company as well as releasing two albums under his own name.
His work has been sampled by artists such as Brian Eno (Eno extensively sampled Electric Company's songs on several tracks from "Another Day on Earth"), and Caribou.
He has collaborated with, among many others, M83 on its 2011 album "Hurry Up, We're Dreaming".
His notable fans include Kid606, with whom he also collaborated.
Laner founded his first band, Debt of Nature, at the age of 15 (in 1981).
He then continued his musical endeavours with Steaming Coils, an experimental avant-rock band that he also founded in 1984.
It released two full-length albums before disbanding in 1989, but its last record was released two years after the break-up.
In the meantime, Laner joined Savage Republic as a percussionist and a keyboard player, and took part in recording two of its albums.
In 1990 he founded shoegaze-noise pop band called Medicine, in which he applied a do-it-yourself ethos to create his signature sound by running his guitar through a 4-track recorder.
In 1992 Medicine released its debut album, "Shot Forth Self Living".
In 1994 the band contributed one track to the soundtrack of the movie "The Crow" and appeared in the movie itself.
The band ceased to exist in 1995, briefly reuniting in 2003 as a duo (with Laner and Shannon Lee).
In 1995 he started his solo project Electric Company, which was devoted to IDM, glitch, and avant-garde electronics with some elements of ambient and drone.
As Electric Company, he released ten full-length albums in nine years (before ceasing activity in 2004).
The same year, he also founded psychedelic supergroup Lusk with the members of Tool and Failure, with whom he released one album, "Free Mars".
It received a Grammy Award nomination.
In 1996, he collaborated (under his own name) with Dallas-based musical collective Vas Deferens Organization on the album "Transcontinental Conspiracy".
Laner co-wrote and co-produced the album; several Mercury Rev members were also involved in the recording and producing process.
They collaborated again in 1999, this time under his Electric Company moniker, on the album "More Pelvis Wick for the Baloney Boners".
In 2007, Laner released his first album under his own name, "Neighbor Singing", with the input of Thom Monahan.
He then followed it up in 2010 with his second solo release, "Natural Selections".
cassette releases
compilation appearances
cassette releases
cassette releases
compilation appearances
note: the song "Blathering Hemispheres" from the "Never Creak" LP appears on both of the above LAFMS comps credited solely to Rick Potts
cassette releases
compilation appearances
Singles and EPs
Compilation appearances
EPs
Remixes & Compilation appearances
Compilation appearance
EPs
Remixes & Compilation appearances
compilation appearance
Singles and EPs
Remixes & Compilation appearancesWheelchair fencing at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's team open
The men's team foil open at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place on 8 September 2012 at ExCeL Exhibition Centre.
The tournament ran in a knockout format.
Teams progressed through the draw until the finals, which decided the winners of the gold medal.Romário Leiria
Romário Leiria de Moura or simply Romário (born 28 June 1992 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Icelandic club Afturelding.Wheelchair fencing at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's team open
The Women's team épée open at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London took place on 8 September 2012 at ExCeL Exhibition Centre.
The tournament run in a knockout format.
Teams progress through the draw until the finals, which decide the winners of the gold medals.Fakultet političkih nauka
Fakultet političkih nauka (Faculty of Political Sciences in most South Slavic languages) may refer to:China tea songs
China Tea Songs is one of the biggest Chinese Tea Songs Singing Competitions in Asia.
It had more than 20,000 singers from over 24 countries sign up to participate in the competition.
The competition took a year and started from Yunnan province in 2012, and the final competition was in 2013.Halloween (Two Steps from Hell album)
Halloween is the third public album by the group Two Steps from Hell, and was released in September 2012.
The album contains 48 tracks, written by composers Thomas J. Bergersen and Nick Phoenix.
All the tracks, apart from "To Die on Halloween", are from their previous promotional releases.
This public album is the first to have songs with English vocals, including "To Die on Halloween", "This Is Oh My Dear" (a vocal version of "Monkey Business" from the album The Devil Wears Nada), and "Deck the Halls with Blood (from the album Ashes)".
Two Steps From Hell's music has been used frequently in movie trailers and commercials.
An official music video was released on YouTube for the track "To Die on Halloween".Reggae music in Kenya
Kenyan reggae is mainly a fusion of Jamaican reggae and local ethnic singing styles that incorporate Lingala, benga and Kenyan hip hop.
In Kenya, reggae music is accessed through radio stations, night clubs, public service vehicles commonly known as 'matatus', private CD collections, unlicensed CD compilations, shared MP3 collections, YouTube and other websites.
Reggae music has had a significant influence on the entertainment culture, craft occupations and development of "Sheng" slang in Kenya.
Reggae music in Kenya is viewed as a powerful agent of both positive and negative social changes such as calls for freedom, tolerance, unity and the drugs sub-culture.
Reggae music started booming in Kenya in the late 1970s and early 1980s with Bob Marley, Jimmy Cliff, Don Carlos, Burning Spear, Wailing Souls and Peter Tosh music being the most loved artists.
This type of music was magnified when several night clubs and sounds started sprouting up in down town Nairobi city.
The notable clubs that came up to play reggae roots are Monte Carlo night club on Accra Road, "Shashamane International", Hollywood club.
Sounds that were popular in the 1990s include "Omega Sounds", "King Lions Sounds", "Livity Sounds", "Jahmbo Sounds", "King Jumbo Sounds".
New sounds are "Rastyle Sounds" (Formerly "Firehouse Sounds") "Mau Mau Sounds", "Supremacy Sounds" (formerly "Black Supremacy Sounds"), "Rebel Liberation Sounds", "Trench Town Entertainment" and "Dohty Family Sounds", "Shanachie Sounds", "One Vibe Entertainment", "Dynamic Spellbound Sounds", "Big Ship Sounds" and many more.
The most popular DJs that are credited with pioneering reggae in Kenya include; Legendary Jah'key Malle, The late Papa Lefty, Papa Charlie, DJ Last-Born, Selector King Monday (RIP), King Tubbs, Prince Otach (UK) Papa Bingi (based in USA) and Junior Dread.
Other deejays who have recently been championing the purpose of reggae music are notably Zj Heno, Deejay Stitchy, Njambi Koikai, Selector King Rebel DJ Stichie, Talia Oyando, G. Money, Kriss Darling, Muzikal Sheriff, DJ Rytrap, Mc Daddy Konya (RIP) and MC Fullstop.
In the late 1980s, reggae and the associated Jamaican culture became so popular in Kenya that the government owned Kenya Broadcasting Corporation KBC radio station launched the program "Reggae Times" for reggae fans who tuned to the English service.
The show was presented by veteran reggae DJ Jeff Mwangemi.
In August 2005 "Metro FM", a subsidiary of the government owned Kenya Broadcasting Corporation (KBC), became an exclusive 24-hour reggae station whose slogan was "House of Reggae".
On January 30, 2009 Metro FM hosted First Ever Radio Clash In Kenya and also in Africa.
Which was hosted By Dj Stano and Njambi Koikai ,2 Sounds system were "Rebel Liberation Sounds" (Githurai 45) and "Existenz Sounds" (Farover).
In 2011, "Metro FM" switched away from reggae and became "Venus FM", a station targeted at office-class ladies in Kenya's urban areas.
Many Kenyan reggae fans were disappointed.
The gap left by "Metro FM" was soon taken filled by "Ghetto FM", a "Sheng" (Kenyan slang) speaking station that claims to be the voice of the youth in the Kenyan ghettos.
As at 2014, the selectors on "Ghetto FM" reggae sessions were DJ Bonokode and DJ Ambuside.
Drop Zone Assembly, airing on Hot 96 has also been receiving positive response from the masses.
Drop Zone is hosted by Rapcha the sayantist.
Up to the late 1990s, reggae in Kenya was known as the "poor man's" music.
In the 2000s, the popularity of reggae caught the attention of the emerging FM radio stations.
To avoid the perceived dark and underclass side of reggae and to attract listeners who could generate advertising revenue, the new FM radio stations concentrated on the emerging Dancehall brand of reggae.
Dancehall reggae has softer and simpler beats than roots or ragga and it rarely projects the Rastafarian culture, anti-colonialism or the agenda of African emancipation.
Dancehall mostly focuses on love songs in an urban setting.
Some Kenyan fans of Roots reggae express disappointment with the emergence of Dancehall reggae.
The complaints revolve around the lack of a communal African agenda within Dancehall reggae and the watering down of reggae into mere expressions of bodily desire and materialism.
Reggae videos began making their way onto Kenyan television in the early 1990s through KBC's "Music Time" show that was hosted by Fred Obachi Machoka.
In those days, the popular reggae/ragga artists featured were Shaba Ranks, Yellow Man, Ras Kimono and UB40.
Around 1992, KTN launched the program "Rastrut", a thirty-minute show dedicated to reggae music.
As at 2014, KTN is the only Kenyan television station that has ever had a show dedicated to reggae.
It is also the only Kenyan media station that specifically associated reggae music with the religious and cultural ideals of the Rastafarian movement.
This is in the choice of the name "Rastrut" and the use of the characteristic Green-Yellow-Red as the background colours of the show.
"Rastrut" is the show that made Lucky Dube visible to Kenyans.
After Digital migration in 2013, There has been many upcoming Tv stations that have given Reggae Music more airtime.
Notably, Kenyatta University's Television (KUTV) came up witha strictly Roots Reggae music named Reggae Iration.
The show has various segments: Inner Mi yard, Wisdom knowledge and overstanding, Artiste of the day, Live interviews and Word sound and power alongside updates on what is happening in the reggae scene.
reggae Iration is a show for everyone, the show to watch
Jamaican artists often perform in live shows hosted in Nairobi and Mombasa.
Neo Reggae Events by WeN_Music is an ongoing series of reggae events in the country
Christian Reggae group "Christafari" visited Kenya in the late 1990s and will be performing in Nairobi on 25 January 2015.
International Reggae Day (Kenya Chapter) in July, 01, 2018 held at the August Memorial Park, Nairobi by Wadada Pamoja under license from International Reggae Day, Jamaica.
It should be noted that in Kenya, the words DJ and MC are ambiguous and refer to traditional DJs who popularise music, music re-sellers and events organisers.
Many Kenyan DJs double up as artistes, music producers, band-members and events organisers.
Reggae DeeJaying in Kenya is of two kinds;
Reggae MCs are announcers who make motivating statements during reggae events.
The themes of songs composed by Kenyan reggae artists can be categorized as
Although Kenyan Christians resent the drug, alcohol, wild party and dreadlock lifestyles associated with Kenyan reggae fans and Kenyan Rastafarians, a notable number of Kenyan gospel musicians favour the reggae style of instrumental arrangement.
This is probably because they secretly like the style music or they recognize its popularity among Kenyans.
Reggae styling of Kenyan gospel songs
Kenyan gospel music producers often overlay conventional Kiswahili singing on reggae styled tracks and this partly obscures the reggae nature of the drum beats, guitar chops and bass-guitars in the songs.
Consequently, only a few keen Kenyan listeners would identify such songs as reggae especially when the singers are not Rastafarians or lack Jamaican slang and accent.
Examples of such Kenyan gospel songs are Damu Ya Yesu and Yesu Wangu na Mpenda by Mary Atieno Ominde, Mbingu Zahubiri by Paul Kigame and Waraka wa Hamani by Bahati Bukuku.
Between 1997 and 2002, the US based Christian Reggae group Christafari enjoyed notable popularity in Kenya through KTN, Family FM (now Radio 316) and Tune in Music Stores.
During one of their visits to Kenya, they witnessed the tragic state of the Kibera slums in the capital city of Nairobi and composed the song Nairobi.
Lucky Dube is the most emulated reggae artiste in Kenya.
His popularity is so high that some Kenyan gospel artists brazenly flout copyright laws and reproduce his tracks with their own gospel lyrics.
A glaring example is a Kikuyu gospel song titled "Tiga nii We" which is an exact reproduction of "Back to my Roots" by Lucky Dube, the only difference been the substitution of the original English lyrics with gospel content in the Kikuyu language.
Despite the obvious theft of Lucky Dube's tracks and the blatant violation of the Biblical commandments against theft and conformity to secularism, such songs receive airplay especially on the ethnic radio stations and are promoted as Christian songs.
Ironically, the same stations also play Lucky Dube's music while claiming to be promoting Kenyan originality.
Artists such as Ecspedition Donteh have inspiration from people deviating on the original kenyan or african culture when everyone was for each one and not a system where everyone did their own way ,and others have great ifluences from people like lucky dube and african slave children like bob marley and luciano respectively.
A great interest in the music was inspired from the early days while reggae was still regarded as gangstars or rebellion music by the then administration.
Reggae music is so loved in Kenya that it is common to hear Kenyan youth speaking Jamaican Patois on the streets of Nairobi especially in the slum areas.
There are Kenyan Rastafarians who learnt English by listening to reggae music and reggae fans.
Examples of words added to the Sheng vocabulary are-
The usage of the words "massive" and "man like" were creations of DJ.
Jeff Mwangemi of KBC, presenter of "Reggae Times"
The state of reggae music in Kenya cannot be divorced from the Kenyan versions of the Rastafarian culture and the matatu sub-culture of Nairobi.
It has to be judged within the context of how the Kenyan population perceives the local Rastafarian movement and the messages in the reggae music of the 1990s.
Even more significant is the position of the Rastafarian movement within the social-economic divide between the middle class and the poor lower class population of the Kenyan urban areas.
Most of the genre's pioneers like Bob Marley, Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer were all Rastafarians.
The Kenyan Rasta movement is mostly made up of men who are marginalized from the regular education system and are poor slum dwellers living at the edges of the urban areas.
Many Kenyan craftsmen, matatu conductors, music instrumentalists, acrobats, traditional dancers and casual labourers express some form of Rastafarian expression as an alternative religion whose language and ideologies they can identify with.
For them, the Rastafarian movement is a social or religious grouping that does not have the formalism and officialdom of foreign western Christianity.
Rasta culture offer them a flexible language and a cultural worldview that accommodates people of their economic class.
It offers them a sense of social dignity derived from the mythical story of historic oppression.
The spotting of dreadlocks by Kenyan women and men is not always an indicator of their inclinations to the Rastafarian movement or their love for reggae music.
Many Kenyan Rastafarians spot a scarf, headband, bangle or shirt that has the black, green, yellow and red colours which are known as Rasta colours in Kenya.
Many Kenyan craftsmen tend to associate themselves with the Rastafarian movement and consequently, almost half of the items sold in Kenyan curio shops have the green, yellow, red and black colours that characterize the Rastafarian movement.
The use of the cannabis leaf symbol in Kenyan ghetto art works, dress items and matatu stickers has increased and this has only exacerbated negative publicity associated with reggae music in Kenya.
It should be noted, however that in some parts of Kenya and among some social groups, especially those in the coast province, rasta-colours are often associated with social groups that have nothing to do with either reggae or Rastafarians and may have a connection with drug dealing and petty theft.
Kenyan Rastafarians display a noticeable ideological understanding of the lyrics in reggae songs and non-musical teachings of reggae musicians and writers.
For example, whenever Kenyans confront a news item touching on racism, some Kenyan Rastas may be heard quoting Lucky Dube's song Different Colours One People as a moral proverb towards racial tolerance.
In Kenya, there is a stereotypical perception that reggae is the poor man's music.
This is probably due to the recurrent themes of poverty and emancipation in Jamaican Roots reggae and its popularity among disenfranchised Kenyan youth.
The association of reggae with the lower class and economically sidelined population is suspected to be the reason why in 2011, the financially struggling 6 year old "Metro FM" changed from a purely reggae station to "Venus FM" with a programming scheme that could attract advertisements targeting typical urban office-class ladies.
The gap left by Metro FM was soon taken filled by Ghetto FM, a Sheng (Kenyan slang) speaking station that claims to be the voice of the youth in the Kenyan ghettos.
Due to the same factors that make reggae the style of choice by the underclass, reggae seems to be the style of choice by Kenyan persons who have disabilities or wish to create concern among able bodied persons.
Professor Naaman, Mighty King Kong and Baba Gurston Opar of the Leonard Cheshire Disability Young Voices chose reggae as their medium.
Gospel musicians Reuben Kigame and Mary Atieno also chose some of their songs to be in reggae style.
Daddy Owen's song, Mbona explores the marginalization of persons living with disabilities and is done in a mild reggae style.
In the early 1990s, during the explosion of personal and portable music systems, it became fashionable for matatus (privately owned public service vehicles) to blast loud music despite protests by passengers and the illegality of the practice.
Matatu serving different parts of Nairobi, the capital city, became associated with different styles of music.
For example, those serving the eastern side were famous for ragga while those serving Kangemi were known for pop, RnB and the developing hip hop styles.
The matatus plying Kikuyu, Dagoretti, and Ngong areas focused on reggae and even today, they preferentially play Roots and Dancehall reggae.
The liking for reggae spread to Kabete and Thika Matatus.
It is worth noting that these matatu routes serve areas dominated by the Kikuyu ethnic group and its historic desire for emancipation from colonialism and oppression by the KANU government.
Dagoretti is on the outskirts of Nairobi and has the social environment in which reggae music can flourish- a contradicting mix of poverty, wealth and rich ethnic history.
The reggae bands "Chaka Lion" and "Survivors" are based in Dagoretti.
Some researchers (Horace Campbell) associate the origin of the dreadlocks of the Rastafarian movement with those of the Kikuyu freedom fighters who were branded Mau Mau by the colonial authorities.
Jamaican Rastafarian symbols such as the name Ras Tafari, the Lion of Judah and the green, yellow and red flag are derived from Ethiopia, which borders Kenya to the north.
The Nyabinghi section of the Rastafarian movement derives its name from the Uganda and Rwandese regions west of Kenya.
Jamaican reggae groups and artists such as Black Uhuru and Ras Kenyatta derived their names from the Mau Mau related news that was flowing from Kenya in the 1950s.
Rita Marley's song, Harambee is derived from the slogan call introduced by the former and first President of Kenya, Jomo Kenyatta, who was a Kikuyu.
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, at the climax of the anti-KANU efforts that were mostly led by Kikuyu politicians, the Kikuyu youth groupings known as Mungiki became indistinguishable from the Kenyan Rastafarians.
Both groups spotted dreadlocks, reproductions of the Ethiopian green, yellow and red flag and both were known for heavy smoking of cigarettes, raw tobacco and marijuana.
Due to their low-class and peri-urban status, many Kikuyu matatu drivers, conductors and operators who were reggae lovers inadvertently became members of the Mungiki movement.
Even today, the average Kenyan associates the Rastafarian green, yellow and red regalia with Mungiki although the Mungiki sect officially identifies itself with the colours green, white, red and black.
The reggae sub-culture in Kenya is strongly associated with beer partying, rowdy and theft-prone gigs, heavy cigarette smoking, "khat" chewing (locally known as "miraa") and the use of cannabis (locally known as "bhangi", "weed", "herb", "marijuana", "hazard", "bomb", "boza" or "stone"
In Kenya, Reggae events are the most chaotic and theft laden gigs.
Some local TV comedians make fun of this by stereotypically presenting all reggae fans as thieves who have no interest in reggae music.
Due to the wide underclass following, many reggae fans see the reggae events as opportunities to steal from well-off fans.
Some notable cases are as listed below
Mismanagement of artistes
In June 2013, Alpha Blondy and Tarrus Riley jetted into Kenya but failed to show up at the KICC grounds where their fans rioted at 3 A.M. on realizing that the expected artistes would not perform.
Due to the value attached towards cannabis by some reggae musicians and sections of the Rastafarian movement, reggae music is seen by some Kenyan youth as an expression of the licence to engage in unrestrained indulgence.
Lucky Dube's concert in December 1998 at the Ngong Race Course grounds was so packed with revelers and numerous reported offenses that for the first time, Kenya Police transported drunkards and suspected petty thieves in police helicopters.
According to Hillary Koech, a Kenyan media blogger and freelance journalist, underclass Kenyan reggae fans often carry ghetto- neighbourhood hostilities to reggae gigs and sometimes engage in murders over petty conflicts.
The Kenyan brand of the Rastafarian movement is plagued by associations with social actions that are contrary to those regular rasta movements and the messages in reggae music.
Benard Matheri, a Most Wanted gangster who was shot dead by police in 1997 and was known as Rasta because of his dreadlocks.
The mingling of Kenyan Rastafarians with the murderous acts of the Mungiki sect only tarnished the reputation of the rasta movement and reggae music further.
In parts of the Coast province of Kenya, the rasta colours green, yellow and red are a gangster identity that has nothing to do with either reggae or Rastafarians and is often associated with violent theft, drug dealing and homosexual unions that may involve European tourists.
For many years, Kenyan reggae gigs were promoted through posters that featured pictures of the artists or graphics suggestive of struggles against colonialism.
Between 2003 and 2006 when Dancehall reggae was making its way into Kenya, some reggae DJs began publicizing their gigs by using sexually suggestive posters of partly and fully naked Jamaican women.
Some Kenyan reggae fans have also been complaining that local Dancehall gigs are mostly oriented towards sexual expression rather than the deeper religious and cultural orientation of Roots reggae.
Reggae music is the most copied and plagiarized genre of music in Kenya.
As at 2014, it is practically impossible to gain legitimate access to original CDs of reggae music originating from outside Kenya.
It is also quite difficult to get full versions of reggae songs that do not have interjections, interruptions and self-promoting announcements by mixing DJs.
Unlike the 1990s, Kenyan DJs no longer mention the titles of the songs they play nor do they state the names of the singers or give a background history of the songs.
Some DJs create mix-tapes or remixes of songs and then announces their own names over the remixes and unintentionally creating the impression that the songs are their own works.Tiffin (horse)
Tiffin (1926 – 7 March 1931) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare, who was undefeated in a career of eight races.
Tiffin won five races in 1928 including the National Breeders' Produce Stakes at Sandown Park and the Cheveley Park Stakes at Newmarket and was the highest-rated British two-year-old of either sex.
Her three-year-old season was disrupted by illness and injury, but she won all three of her starts, proving herself the year's best sprinter with wins in the July Cup at Newmarket and the King George Stakes at Goodwood.
At her peak she was regarded as one of the fastest racehorses in the world.
At the end of her racing career she was retired to stud where she produced one foal before dying in 1931.
Tiffin was a small bay filly bred by Sir John Rutherford, 1st Baronet, a Conservative Party politician who previously owned the St Leger Stakes and Ascot Gold Cup winner Solario.
She was sired by Tetratema, the leading British two-year-old of 1919 who went on to win the 2000 Guineas and many important sprint races.
As a stallion, Tetratema sired many good sprinters and milers and was the British champion sire in Tiffin's three-year-old season.
Her dam, Dawn Wind (or Dawn-Wind) was reportedly regarded by her trainer George Lambton as the fastest filly he ever trained, but never ran in a race owing to injury.
As a foal, Tiffin suffered badly from an infestation of worms and failed to thrive.
Rutherford sold her for 1,100 guineas to Lord Ellesmere who sent the filly into training with Fred Darling.
Darling, who trained at Beckhampton in Wiltshire had recently won the first of his six British trainers championships.
Despite her small stature and persistent health problems, Tiffin was a high-spirited and "playful" filly, who was often difficult to handle.
Tiffin began her racing career with a win in the Wilbraham Stakes at Newmarket in spring.
She was then sent to Sandown to contest the five furlong National Breeders' Produce Stakes, which at the time was the most valuable race of the season for two-year-olds, with prize money of over £7,000.
She won from the colt Mr Jinks, who went on to win the following year's 2000 Guineas.
In doing so she emulated her sire Tetratema and her grandsire The Tetrarch, who had won the race in 1919 and 1913 respectively.
Tiffin maintained her run of success by winning the Ham Stakes at Goodwood in July and the Convivial Plate at York Racecourse in August.
Her victory in the latter race was particularly well-received, as it gave her popular jockey Gordon Richards his hundredth win of the season.
On her final run of the season she appeared at Newmarket in October for the six furlong Cheveley Park Stakes, the most prestigious race of the year for two-year-old fillies in Britain.
She won easily to confirm her status as the one of the best British juveniles of 1928.
Throughout the season, Tiffin had shown a calm, intelligent attitude on the racecourse and exceptional early speed which often had her opponents struggling from the start.
She was entered in the following year's 1000 Guineas and Epsom Oaks, but some observers doubted that she would have the stamina to become a classic winner.
In the official Free Handicap, a ranking of the best two-year-olds, she was assigned top weight of 133 pounds, one pound ahead of the top-rated colts Mr Jinks and Costaki Pasha.
In early 1929, Tiffin was reported to be working well at Beckhampton and was expected to run in a public trial race before taking her chance in the 1000 Guineas.
The filly then fell gravely ill with an "internal ailment" which placed her life in danger and forced her to miss all her spring engagements including the Guineas and the Oaks.
She made her first appearance as a three-year-old at Royal Ascot in June when she ran in the five furlong Fern Hill Stakes.
Tiffin won "in a canter" from some of the best British sprinters with Le Phare, a colt who went on to win the Sussex Stakes and the Stewards' Cup, taking second place.
Tiffin was then sent to Newmarket for the six furlong July Cup.
The closing stages of the race developed into a contest between Tiffin and the four-year-old colt Royal Minstrel (also sired by Tetratema), the winner of the St. James's Palace Stakes and the Cork and Orrery Stakes.
After appearing beaten inside the final furlong, Tiffin rallied to gain the lead in the closing strides and won by a short head in a new track record time of 1:12.2.
The filly's win was received with "marked enthusiasm" by the Newmarket crowd.
In his next race, Royal Minstrel recorded an upset win over Fairway in the Eclipse Stakes.
Later in the same month, Tiffin reverted to five furlongs for the King George Stakes at Goodwood and won impressively from the filly Pladda.
While being exercised at Beckhampton in autumn 1929, Tiffin broke loose from her handlers and slipped on a road.
She sustained a broken bone in her knee which forced her retirement from racing.
At the time of her retirement she was ranked alongside Royal Minstrel and Fairway as one of the three best horses in England and was described in the press as "the fastest horse in the world, irrespective of age or sex".
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Tiffin the seventeenth best two-year-old filly trained in Britain or Ireland in the 20th century.
Tiffin retired to stud where she produced a filly foal sired by Blandford on 17 February 1931.
A few days after giving birth, Tiffin became seriously ill and was found to be suffering from peritonitis and a perforated bowel.
She died on 7 March at the Stetchworth stud in Newmarket.
Her daughter, named Merenda, was raised by a foster mare and went on to win three races including the Chesham Stakes at Royal Ascot in 1933.
Merenda was the direct female ancestor of many winners, most notably the Breeders' Cup Sprint winner Smile.Vishnu Pandya
Vishnu Pandya is a journalist, biographer, poet, novelist, writer and political analyst from Gujarat, India.
He is the chairman of Gujarat Sahitya Akademi.
Pandya writes articles on politics, history and historical places which are carried by several Gujarati newspapers and magazines, is among the most widely read columns in the State.
He is active in journalism field from last 40 years.
Along with regular column writing in Gujarati daily, Pandya is also serving as General Secretary of "vishwa Gujarati Samaj".
He was born in Manavadar a navabi state, District Junagadh, Saurastra.
He was educated at Bahauddin College, Junagadh.
His father was working in South Africa but returned to India after second world war.
He was serving as District officer – Education in Manavadar.
He married Arti Pandya.
She died on 24 January 2018.
Pandya began his career with Sadhana Weekly, later became editor of that magazine at the age of 22.
Honored from All Indian Newspapers Editor for protest on Censorship during Indian Emergency.
He successfully manage to publish the magazine and write against forced censorship and used liberally his freedom of speech and expression.
He appointed as the chairman of Gujarat Sahitya Akademi in May 2017.
Pandya as a Journalist :
Pandya as a Lecturer
Pandya is teaching journalism in various colleges and universities of Gujarat at post graduate level, namely :
His writing has various subjects from political criticism and analytic to history research.
He has written many biographies.
Apart from these writing he is actively contributing to journalism field, has written many books on journalism.
Till date he has written 101 books.
Books on Journalism
Criticism on Political Issues
Biographies
History Research
EssaysNorth Coast Music Festival
The North Coast Music Festival is an annual festival held in Chicago on Labor Day weekend featuring electronic music, hip hop and rock acts, and a wide variety of performance and installation artists.
Up through 2018, the festival was held at Union Park.
From 2019, it is held at Huntington Bank Pavilion in Northerly Island.
North Coast's first festival occurred on September 3–5, 2010 at Union Park in Chicago.
The first iteration of the festival received generally positive reviews from the Chicago press including UrChicago which said "this weekend has definitely been one of the highlights of the year.
The talent that was raked in for this festival was among some of the best around.
This is definitely a festival to keep an eye on in years to come, they brought all they had to the table in 2010 and I’m sure no one left disappointed.”
The lineup for the festival in 2010 included The Chemical Brothers, Nas & Damian Marley, Umphrey's McGee, The Disco Biscuits, Lupe Fiasco, Paul Van Dyk, Moby, Benny Benassi, Pretty Lights, De La Soul, Boys Noize, Jay Electronica, The New Deal, Flying Lotus, Benga, Laidback Luke, Mayer Hawthorne, Jakob Dylan, Future Rock, Green Velvet, Holy Ghost!, Dirty Dozen Brass Band, New Mastersounds, Claude VonStroke, Phantogram, Van Ghost, Loyal Divide, Orchard Lounge
North Coast's second year was held September 2–4 and featured a wider variety of artists including Bassnectar, David Guetta, Zed's Dead, and Major Lazer.
This years attendance increased since the debut the year before and sold out days 2 & 3.
Reviews were optimistic on the direction of the festival with Consequence of Sound saying, “They call North Coast 'Summer’s Last Stand,' and we’d like to keep standing with it for as long as it’ll have us.
Any summer that ends with thousands of people dancing in a field together in the cool night air is alright by us.”
The lineup for North Coast's sophomore year included: David Guetta, Bassnectar, STS9, Wiz Khalifa, Thievery Corporation, Fat Boy Slim, Common, Rusko, Gogol Bordello, Benny Benassi, Carl Cox, ATB, Lotus, of Montreal, Wolfgang Gartner, Major Lazer, Little Dragon, Future Rock, Zeds Dead, Neon Indian, Big Gigantic, The Budos Band, James Zabiela, SBTRKT, Paper Diamond, Van Ghost, Hood Internet, Orchard Lounge, Rubblebucket, Keys N Krates, Felix Cartal, Auto Body, The Soul Rebels, Lance Herbstrong, California Wives, Midnight Conspiracy, Team Bayside High, Gemini Club, Wyllys, DJ Thibault, Loyal Divide, Probcause, BBU, Zebo, The Coop, Orville Kline, Great Divide, The Ill & The Restless, Mario FLorek
The 2012 version of North Coast was held on August 31 - September 2 once again on labor day weekend.
The festival continued being promoted as "Summer's Last Stand".
The 2012 lineup included: Pretty Lights, Girl Talk, Umphrey's McGee, Axwell, Steve Angello, Knife Party, Atmosphere, Steve Aoki, Excision, Alesso, Paul Oakenfold, Big Boi, The Rapture, EOTO, Digitalism, Chuckie (DJ), Tommy Trash, Yelawolf, Modestep, Felix Da Housecat, Future Rock, Mord Fustang, Yacht, Dan Deacon, Rebirth Brass Band, BoomBox, Digital Tape Machine, King Khan and the Shrines, NiT GriT, Maya Jane Coles, People Under The Stairs, Van Ghost, Com Truise, Savoy, Mr. Muthafuckin' eXquire, Auto Body, Zebo, Family Groove Company, Strange Arrangement, Gentleman Hall
2013 saw North Coast feature a more diverse lineup that deviated from the primarily electronic lineups of past years.
The festival was plagued by bad weather that forced two different weather evacuations.
Nonetheless the festival was still able to continue mostly as planned and the delays did not cause any serious problems for the festival.
The first weather evacuation occurred Friday afternoon in the middle of Capital Cities' set.
They were visibly upset everyone was going to have to leave and tried to play "Safe and Sound" after being told to end their performance.
The power was cut in the middle of the song forcing their show to end without them being able to play the entirety of their song that would later prove to be their biggest claim to fame.
The Chicago Tribune said of the rain "Not just one, but two weather evacuations couldn't fully stop the beats and grooves for fans that headed to Chicago's annual Labor Day weekend festival, North Coast Music Festival.”
The 2013 lineup featured: Passion Pit, Wu-Tang Clan, Afrojack, Big Gigantic, Nas, The Disco Biscuits, Lotus, Mac Miller, Gary Clark Jr Rebelution, Purity Ring, Laidback Luke, Datsik, Madeon, Skream, Paper Diamond, Claude Von Stroke, Future Rock, Conspirator, RL Grime, Danny Brown, Aloe Blacc, Aluna George, Just Blaze, Capital Cities, Steven Lions, JC Brooks, El Ten Eleven, Cherub, Poolside, Flatbrush Zombies, On An On, Bondax, Midnight Conspiracy, The Knocks, DVBBS, Herobust, Zoogma, Dean Cohen, Manic Focus, Thibault, K. Flay, Ghost Beach, Porn and Chicken, Ghost House.
North Coast's 5th anniversary was held August 29-31st and saw the fest expand through Union Park allowing a higher capacity of fans to attend.
The Chicago Tribune said "This year the festival grounds were expanded, allowing for an increased capacity of 20,000 per day.
Saturday and Sunday sold out, and Friday drew 19,000 fans.”
The 2014 lineup featured: Bassnectar, Kid Cudi, STS9, Snoop Dogg, Alesso, Nicky Romero, Dada Life, Zeds Dead, Dr Dog, Little Dragon, Slightly Stoopid, theNEWDEAL, Adventure Club, Griz, Showtek, Wolfgang Gartner, W&W, Action Bronson, Boombox, Cashmere Cat, Chet Faker, Emancipator Ensemble, The Floozies, Future Islands, Future Rock, Keys N Krates, Lettuce, Papadosio, Riff Raff, Washed Out, What So Not, Wild Belle, Auto Body, Bad Bad Not Good, Break Science, Cosby Sweater, Dopapod, Grandtheft, J Philp, Midnight Conspiracy, Milk N Cookies, The Motet, Muzzy, The Nth Power, Ookay, Orchard Lounge, Porn and Chicken, Probcause, Thibault
In 2015 North Coast returned to Chicago's Union Park during Labor Day weekend, September 4-6th.
This years festival saw the return of the silent disco and "Living Gallery" art exhibit.
The lineup for 2015 included: Widespread Panic, D'Angelo and the Vanguard, The Chemical Brothers, Knife Party, Chromeo, Atmosphere, The Glitch Mob, Porter Robinson, Portugal the Man, Wale, Steve Aoki, The Roots, The Disco Biscuits, Tycho, Gold Panda, Joe Russo, Rac, Booka Shade, Galactic, Jauz, Manic Focus, Sphongle, Future Rock, Green Velvet, Kill The Noise, Snails, Soja, Twin Shadow, Wax Tailor, Dirty Dozen Brass Band, Exmag, Leather Corduroys, Humans, Leikeli47, Lili K, Michal Menert, Phoebe Ryan, Sweater Beats, Goldfish, Haywyre, Ne-Hi, Porn and Chicken, Nahko & Medicine for the People, The Main Squeeze
North Coast took place September 2-4th in Union Park.
The lineup for 2016 included: Odesza, Bassnectar, Zedd, Umphrey's McGee, Logic, Grouplove, The Claypool Lennon Delirium, Galantis, Action Bronson, Juicy J, Greensky Bluegrass, Sleigh Bells, Keys N Krates, Zomboy, Ty Dolla $ign, Matoma, Sam Feldt, Raury, The Revivalists, Vulfpeck, Stick Figure, Big Wild.
In 2017 North Coast occurred September 1-3rd in Union Park with deadmau5 & Eric Prydz, Damian Marley, and Ween as headliners.
Other artists on the lineup included: Gucci Mane, Bonobo, Lil Dicky, Lettuce, BadBadNotGood, STS9, Carnage, Big Boi, Joe Russo's Almost Dead, Post Malone, Manic Focus, Don Diablo, A Tribe Called Red, Primus, Tipper, Skepta, Hippie Sabotage, Bob Moses, Destructo, and The Cool Kids.
Returning to Union Park, North Coast took place August 31st through September 2nd with Miguel, Axwell & Ingrosso, DJ Snake & Jamiroquai as headliners.
This was the first time since 2005 Jamiroquai performed in Chicago, with Coachella being the first of a few returning US dates.
Severe weather forced attendees to evacuate the festival grounds Friday and Saturday, resulting in the cancellation of headliner performances from each day.
Attendees of both days were allowed to attend Sunday free of charge.
Other artists included: Snails, DVSN, Smokepurpp, Juice Wrld, Too Many Zooz, Barclay Crenshaw, Vulfpeck, The Revivalists, RL Grime, Cashmere Cat, The Strumbellas, Robert Delong, Yellow Claw, Gramatik, Mura Masa, Moon Taxi, Jacob Banks, Rapsody, The Midnight, and Cry Wolf.Saurauia napaulensis
Saurauia napaulensis is a small to medium tree.
Leaves 20–35 cm by 6.5–12 cm, apex acuminate, base rounded, margins with fine teeth; 30-35 pairs of straight prominent veins.
Flowers about 1.5 cm in diameter, pink, in branched axillary inflorescences.
Fruit a globose berry, about 8 mm in diameter.Western Sizzlin'
Western Sizzlin’, stylized as WesterN SizzliN, is a chain of privately held and publicly held retail buffet restaurants and steakhouses, with its headquarters in Roanoke, Virginia.
It has 99 franchise establishments across 19 U.S. states generally in the southeast, aside from Florida, and also has many locations in Oklahoma and Arkansas.
It is a subsidiary of Biglari Holdings which is controlled by Iranian American businessman Sardar Biglari.
The Western Sizzlin' business model was conceived in 1962, by Nick Pascarella, and founded the same year in Augusta, Georgia as: WesterN SizzliN Steak & More Restaurant.
In conceiving the business, Pasceralla reasoned that, "If searing the bottom of the steak made it juicy, adding flames to the top would make them twice as good.
"; leading to its renowned searing process trademarked as the FlameKist steak.
Western Sizzlin' was established in 1962, by Nicholas Pascarella.
He was traveling around the United States in search of cheap land on which to build a steakhouse, and he stopped in Augusta because of a flat tire.
It was the employees at the tire store who convinced him to set up his restaurant in Augusta.
Following Pascarella's death in 1988, his spouse and their son decided to sell the business.
It was subsequently bought by Frank Carney, co-founder of Pizza Hut.
However, after the buyout, Carney experienced difficulties in growing the chain due to the high price his group paid for the business.
Subsequently, Western Sizzlin' filed for bankruptcy, and operated under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for nearly eleven months.
In 1993, Dave Wachtel acquired the company for $10 million.Range Farm Fields
Range Farm Fields () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, near to Gloucester City, notified in 1996.
The site lies in the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and is in the Cotswold Hills Environmentally Sensitive Area (ESA).
The geology is from the Jurassic time period which means it includes Lias Clay, silt, limestone and old landslip.
The fields face north-west and are on a slope.
There are four separate pastures with hedgerows.
There is a relatively small area of bracken and woodland and it includes flushes and scrub areas.
The site is a large "flower-rich" unimproved grassland area.
Use and management has reduced the amount of this type of habitat nationally.
The site is exceptional because of its size and the variations in the neutral grassland (acid to calcareous).
Three grassland types are thus present – acidic, neutral and calcareous.
The unimproved grassland includes crested dog's-tail and common knapweed.
There is heath-grass, meadow vetchling, lady's bedstraw.
A large number of Cotswold sites was surveyed and Range Farm Fields was found to be the most diverse and to contain the three grassland types.
Herbs include oxeye daisy, devil's-bit scabious, yellow rattle and dyer's greenweed.
One particular field has a large amount of great burnet.
The latter is more common in flood meadows.
Corky-fruited water-dropwort is also recorded.
Springs present encourage the species which flourish in such areas and these include sharp-flowered rush, marsh marigold, ragged robin, common spotted orchid and bird's-foot trefoil.
The site has significant wildlife value because of its many features such as mixed hedgerows, scrub and woodland as well as the grassland.
Hedgerows are mainly hawthorn, bramble and field rose.
The woodland is mainly ash and oak with a hazel understorey.2012–13 FAI Intermediate Cup
The 2012–13 Umbro FAI Intermediate Cup was the 86th season of the tournament's existence.
94 clubs competed to win the title.
Avondale United are the defending champions after they beat Cherry Orchard 2-1 for the second successive season in the final after extra time in Tallaght Stadium to gain their fifth Intermediate Cup title.
The 16 teams that reach the fourth round will qualify for the 2013 FAI Cup.
Intermediate teams from the Leinster Senior League, Munster Senior League and Ulster Senior League enter at this stage.
In this round teams from the Leinster Senior League play each other, teams from the Munster Senior League play each other, and teams from the Ulster Senior League play each other.
The draw was made on 4 September 2012 with ties to be played on the weekend of 30 September 2012.
Extra-time and penalties will be played if necessary.
Byes:
Byes:
Byes:
In this round teams from the winners of the first round from the Leinster Senior League play each other, Munster Senior League play each other, and teams from the Ulster Senior League play each other.
The draw was made on 3 October 2012 with ties to be played on the weekend of 28 October 2012.
Extra-time and penalties will be played if necessary.
<nowiki>*</nowiki> The match was abandoned when a Lucan United player was seriously injured.
Greystones United were leading 2-1 at the time.
The draw for this round was made on 6 November 2012 by the FAI Domestic Committee.
Ties are to be played on the weekend on 2 December.
In this round teams from the Leinster Senior League, Munster Senior League, Ulster Senior League play each other.
The 16 winners of the Third Round ties will progress to the Fourth Round and also qualify for the 2013 FAI Cup.
If ties end in a draw after 90 minutes, a replay will be played in which the away side from the first match will have home advantage.
In the replay if it remains a draw, extra-time will be played and if required, penalties.
The draw for this round was made on 4 December 2012 by the FAI Domestic Committee.
The teams that have made it to the Fourth Round have qualified for the 2013 FAI Cup.
If ties end in a draw after 90 minutes, a replay will be played in which the away side from the first match will have home advantage.
In the replay if it remains a draw, extra-time will be played and if required, penalties.
Parkvilla are the lowest ranked team remaining in the competition, playing in the 4th tier of the Leinster Senior League.
The draw for this round was made on 5 February 2013 by the FAI Domestic Committee.
If ties end in a draw after 90 minutes, a replay will be played in which the away side from the first match will have home advantage.
In the replay if it remains a draw after 90 minutes, extra-time will be played and if required, penalties.
Parkvilla are the lowest ranked team remaining in the competition, playing in the 4th tier of the Leinster Senior League.
The draw for the semi finals were made on 5 March 2013 by the FAI Domestic Committee in the FAI Headquarters, Abbotstown .
If ties end in a draw after 90 minutes, a replay will be played in which the away side from the first match will have home advantage.
In the replay if it remains a draw after 90 minutes, extra-time will be played and if required, penalties.University of Montenegro Faculty of Applied Physiotherapy
The University of Montenegro Faculty of Applied Physiotherapy (Montenegrin: Fakultet primijenjene fizioterapije "Факултет примијењене физиотерапије") is one of the educational institutions of the University of Montenegro.
The building is located in Igalo, and the Faculty is the only physical therapy school in Montenegro and the region.
In 1976, the High School of Physiotherapy was founded in Igalo as a two-year post-secondary school.
In compliance with the new Law on Higher Education, the Post-secondary School of Physiotherapy was transformed into a Higher School of Physiotherapy in 2004 and one year later was renamed the Faculty of Applied Physiotherapy as an organizational unit of the University of Montenegro.George Porter (royalist)
George Porter (1622?–1683) was a royalist army officer of the First English Civil War.
He was the eldest son of Endymion Porter and Olivia Butler.
On 19 June 1641 Charles I recommended him to the Earl of Ormonde to be allowed to transport a regiment of a thousand of the disbanded soldiers of the Irish army for the service of Spain.
At the start of the Civil War he appears to have served under Prince Rupert, and then became commissary-general of horse in the army of the Earl of Newcastle.
In March 1644 Porter was engaged in fortifying Lincoln, and at the battle of Marston Moor, where he was wounded, he held the rank of major-general of Newcastle's foot.
Parliament sent him to the Tower of London but later allowed him to be exchanged.
On his release Porter became lieutenant-general and commander of the horse in the army of George Goring, Lord Goring, in the west of England.
Over Goring he was considered a bad influence.
At Ilminster on 9 July 1645 he allowed Goring's cavalry to be surprised and routed by Edward Massey.
Goring declared that he deserved to be shot, and a few weeks later told Edward Hyde that he suspected Porter of treachery as well as negligence; his final verdict was that "his brother-in-law was the best company, but the worst officer that ever served the king".
Porter then quarrelled with Colonel Samuel Tuke, over promotion.
In November 1645 Porter obtained a pass from Sir Thomas Fairfax, abandoned the king's cause, and went to London.
He made his peace with the parliamentary cause: the House of Commons remitted the fine of £1,000 which the committee for compounding had imposed upon him, and passed an ordinance for his pardon.
Porter was quarrelsome, and in 1646 and 1654 intended duels were prevented by official intervention.
In 1659 he was engaged in the plots for the restoration of Charles II, but was not trusted by the royalists.
After the king's return, he obtained the office of gentleman of the privy chamber to Catharine of Braganza and from 1677 served as a Groom of the Bedchamber to the King until his own death in 1683.
Porter married Diana, daughter of George Goring, 1st Earl of Norwich, and widow of Thomas Covert of Slaugham, Sussex, by whom he had three sons and five daughters.
His daughter Mary married Philip Smythe, 2nd Viscount Strangford.Hollins–Roundhouse Historic District
Hollins–Roundhouse Historic District (also known as B-5144) is a national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States.
It is a primarily residential area characterized by 19th century rowhouses.
The neighborhood is historically significant due to its association with the development of rail transportation in Maryland.
Additional historical significance comes from the neighborhood's association with ethnic immigration to Baltimore.
During the 1840s and 1850s the area was a center of settlement for Baltimore's German and Irish communities, many of whom immigrated to the United States to work in the rail industry.
Later, from the 1880s to the 1920s, the neighborhood became established as the center of Baltimore's Lithuanian immigrant community.
Because of the large Lithuanian population in the area north of Hollins Street, the area became known as Little Lithuania.
A few remnants of the neighborhood's Lithuanian heritage still remain, such as Lithuanian Hall located on Hollins Street.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 22, 2009.
The district is "located directly north of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad's Mount Clare yard and shops on W. Pratt Street", so apparently does not include the Mt Clare Roundhouse, now the B&O Railroad Museum, i.e.
the railway roundhouse which contributes to the district's name.Messoyakha River
The Messoyakha () is a river in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia.
It drains into the Taz Estuary.Reclaiming Patriotism
Reclaiming Patriotism: Nation-Building for Australian Progressives is a 2009 book by Tim Soutphommasane published by Cambridge University Press.
It's the lead title of the Australian Encounters series which argues that the Australian left have misunderstood patriotism and should embrace it in order to re-engage with political discourse and ordinary Australians.
In the introduction to his book, Soutphommasane argues that patriotism is important and relevant to the modern era for three reasons.
The first is the challenge of solidarity, which refers to the need for Australian people to have a common unifying identity in an era of multiculturalism and diversity.
Secondly, Soutphommasane says that progressives must avoid intellectual complacency about national discourses and instead engage in such conversations in order to explain how Australia is today and to challenge the Australian right's dominance in this area.
Thirdly is the importance for the left of articulating a positive cultural vision of their own in order to become more influential and persuasive advocates of their cause.
The first chapter deals with how progressives in Australia have come to interpret all appeals to nationalism and Australianness as merely being ‘dog whistles’ to racist Australians who pick up the prejudiced undertones of such messages.
According to Soutphommasane, Australian leftists are wrong to think this way because the majority of Australians love Australia, and patriotism need not be racist or based on exclusion.
Soutphommasane also says that such effortless dismissals of patriotic sentiments hinder the left's ability to understand and connect with the broader Australian population.
Chapter 2 explores whether left liberal values of universalism and compassion for all human beings are compatible with patriotism, which feels a higher level of connection with people of the same country.
Soutphommasane argues that the left side of politics in Australia used to be patriotic, but that this declined in the 1960s and has given way to a suspicion of nationalistic feelings.
The author concludes that there no necessary contradiction.
Soutphommasane writes that "A distinctive brand of egalitarianism, a robust democracy supported by an Anzac myth – these are the foundations of an Australian patriotism".
He also argues that progressive criticisms of Australia and its history are compatible with patriotism as a more sophisticated love of one's country involves acknowledging its faults as well as celebrating its virtues.
This chapter firstly deals with how the Anzac tradition can be shared by new Australians, whose ancestors were neither Anzacs not Australians.
According to Soutphommasane (who is himself of Chinese and Laotian extraction), "while I am unable to claim direct lineage back to Anzac, the whole legend can still resonate for me because I can relate to the mateship and the egalitarianism".
Issues concerning the White Australia Policy and multiculturalism are then explored.
Soutphommasane advocates a ‘liberal middle ground on diversity’ which values expressions of cultural identity insofar as they contribute to individual autonomy or social cohesion.
The rest of the chapter questions whether dual citizenship should be permissible, given that it would make some citizens out of convenience, rather than love of country.
This chapter deals with the concept of nation building, which Soutphommasane laments has become synonymous with infrastructure in political discourse.
Nevertheless, Soutphommasane praises Kevin Rudd's use of the term and outlines how progressive politics involves a more activist government which builds bridges, roads, rails, high speed broadband and other public works.
But to Soutphommasane, the concept of nation building extends beyond just infrastructure and also involves civics and solidarity within a nation.
An applied patriotism is also required.
This chapter deals with the debate of whether or not Australia should move from a monarchy to a republic.
According to Soutphommasane, it is regrettable that both sides of the debate view the issue as being purely symbolic.
Soutphommasane writes that:
"A republic denotes a political community rooted in the popular will of citizens and conducted for the common good; it denotes a society in which people govern themselves, through elected representatives, and on the basis that every member of society is of equal standing.
A monarchy, in its most literal sense, means 'the rule of one'.
Those who belong to a community governed by a monarch are not citizens, but are subjects of a monarch who attains office by virtue of birthright.
The connection between a republic and patriotism should be clear.
Monarchical government is in a basic sense antithetical to patriotic citizenship."
The final chapter is a part summary part conclusion for the entire book.
Soutphommasane observes that patriotism has increased in Australia in recent years, as events such as Australia Day in Sydney demonstrate.
Soutphommasane argues that whilst patriotism has its dangers, "it is no different to other forms of loyalty or love".
He opines that patriotism is necessary for a thriving nation, as serves to form bonds between people which promote progress, direction and collective self-improvement.
Soutphommasane writes that:
"People should be able to express national pride without being racist, while at the same time being able to criticise parts of the national story without being labelled un-Australian."
The book concludes with a restating of the need for progressives to re-think patriotism as an instrument of progress.
The book received high praise from Bob Carr, the Australian Literary Review, The Australian, the Sydney Morning Herald and The Age.
However, Crikey!
writer Guy Rundle described "Reclaiming Patriotism" as a "strange book" which reveals an "obsession with social control " and a desire to "legislate against the complex network of chauvinism and cultural privilege that makes up much of patriotism".
Writes Rundle:
"Soutphommasane has his own complex history, which suggests various reason why such a curiously contentless and lifeless alternative to real countrylove and social solidarity might appeal to him — the aspiring dreamer amid the dreaming spires of Oxford has simply reprised the act of Petrach and the first nationalists — the Renaissance thinkers who invented nationalism from their student clubs ("the nations") and then projected them back onto the regions they came from".
Mark Bahnisch, agreeing with Rundle, made the following comment on his blog Larvatus Prodeo:
"it doesn’t represent a viable political strategy for the left, for a whole range of reasons, including the basic failure whereby a project which transforms the social and the cultural cannot be substituted for by a fairly empty civics."
This book has not received any awards but had been nominated.
Shortlisted for the Community Relations Award in NSW Premier's Literary Awards in 2010.
Longlisted John Button Prize 2010.2012 Formula LO season
The 2012 Formula LO season was the inaugural Formula LO season and the thirteenth season of the former Formula Lista Junior.
It began on 19 May at the Red Bull Ring and ended on 13 October at Autodromo Nazionale Monza after twelve races.1927 All England Badminton Championships
The 1927 All England Championships was a badminton tournament held at the Royal Horticultural Halls, Westminster, England from March 2 to March 6, 1927.Robin's Wood Hill Quarry
Robin's Wood Hill Quarry () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, on Robinswood Hill, notified in 1966.
The quarry is managed by Gloucester City Council and is part of Robinswood Hill Country Park.
This site contains a significant inland section of Lower Jurassic, Middle Lias strata.
There is a complete section of the Upper Pliensbachian Stage.
The site has been the centre of research for some time, and particularly its diverse faunas, which have hield some fifty-four species of fossil molluscs.
There is significant contrast from the silty nature of the Middle Lias, Marlstone Rock bed with the Junction Bed of the coast of Dorset and the Midlands ironstones.
This contributes significantly to the reconstruction of the geography and the environment of the early Jurassic period.
Natural England reports in its assessment of August 2011 that the feral goats (introduced in 2005) are controlling the vegetation levels satisfactorily.Jugroom Fort
Jugroom Fort is a complex of fortified buildings south-west of Garmsir in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, on the east bank of the Helmand River.
The fort is several centuries old, and in 2007 it was used as a Taliban base.
British forces assaulted the fort on 15 January 2007.
During the attack, Royal Marine Lance-Corporal Mathew Ford was killed by friendly fire.
For his part in the rescue, author and Apache pilot Ed Macy was awarded the Military Cross.Luigi Falcone
Luigi Falcone (born 26 May 1992) is an Italian footballer.
He plays for Pistoiese.
Born in Mesagne, Apulia, Falcone started his career at Apulia team Lecce.
Falcone was a member of the reserve from 2009 to 2012 but already made his reserve debut during 2007–08 season.
Although U.S. Lecce was relegated to Serie B, Falcone also left the club to seek first team experience, for Serie B newcomer Lanciano.
Lecce later relegated again due to 2011–12 Italian football scandal.
Falcone made his competitive debut for his new club in 2012–13 Coppa Italia, scoring a goal against Crotone.
On 25 August 2012, Falcone played his first Serie B match against Calcio Padova.
On 3 July 2019, he signed with Pistoiese.
Falcone received his first call-up in August for a tournament in England.
He made his debut in Saarland Under-17 Quadrangular Tournament in September.
He did not play any game in qualifying but selected as one of the backup of 2009 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship, due to the injury of fellow Lecce player Alessandro Scialpi.
He was a backup player again in October 2009 for 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Falcone played the last U18 match in 2009–10 season against Belarus in May 2010.
He did not receive any U19 call-up.
In August 2011 Falcone was recalled.
He received a call-up from Luigi Di Biagio in August 2011 to replace injured Nicolao Dumitru.
He played 3 times for Italy in U20 Four Nations, scored once against Switzerland.
He also played against Ghana as well as unofficial friendlies against Under-21 "B" and against Serie D representatives.
He also received call-up in the new season against Turkey but did not play on 5 September.
On 7 September 2012 he was dropped from the squad in favor of born 1993 players.1974 Dutch Open (tennis)
The 1974 Dutch Open was a men's Grand Prix tennis tournament staged in Hilversum.
The tournament was played on outdoor clay courts and was held from 21 July until 28 July 1974.
It was the 18th edition of the tournament.
Guillermo Vilas won the singles title.
 Guillermo Vilas defeated Barry Phillips-Moore 6–4, 6–2, 1–6, 6–3
 Tito Vázquez / Guillermo Vilas defeated Lito Álvarez / Julián Ganzábal 6–2, 3–6, 6–1, 6–21928 All England Badminton Championships
The 1928 All England Championships was a badminton tournament held at the Royal Horticultural Halls, Westminster, England from March 4 to March 11, 1928.Bradley Barnes
Bradley Graeme Barnes (born 20 October 1988) is a South African cricketer who plays for the Cape Cobras.
Barnes is a wicket-keeper and a versatile right-handed batsman who can open the batting or bat in the middle order.
Barnes featured in the 2008 U-19 Cricket World Cup scoring a reasonable 59 runs in four innings during the tournament at an average of 29.50, as well as effecting 9 dismissals as a wicket-keeper.
However, the U-19 South Africans lost to India in the final by 12 runs by Duckworth/Lewis method.
Barnes signed up with the Dolphins after the U-19 Cricket World Cup, and also played amateur cricket for Kwa-Zulu Natal.
However, chances to represent the Dolphins were restricted due to the more established wicket-keeper Daryn Smit's success.
Frustrated, Barnes moved to the Cape Cobras at the start of the 2012/13 season in search of more opportunities.Maurice Johnson
Maurice Johnson may refer to:Buta (film)
Buta () is a 2011 Azerbaijani drama film written and directed by Ilgar Najaf.
The film was selected as the Azerbaijani entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.
In 2011 it won the Asia Pacific Screen Award for Best Children's Feature Film.Green Team (disambiguation)
Green Team, green team or greenteam may refer to:
See also:Porno Valley
Porno Valley is a documentary series that aired from January 11, 2004 to April 4, 2004.
This 13 part series follows the Vivid girls for 6 months.
They present their work, their dreams and the daily life.
They face the trouble in their relationships resulting out of their work, as well as the glamorous moments in their careers.
Everyone that has a name in the industry makes its appearance in this series along with some of the most popular girls at the time of production.
This show is also known under the title Vivid Valley in the UK, where it aired on Sky Television.
In the US the series aired on Playboy TV and the Independent Film Channel (IFC).
This documentary series followed girls under contract with Vivid Entertainment.Swimming at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 50 metre freestyle S4
The men's 50 metre freestyle S4 event at the 2012 Paralympic Games took place on 31 August, at the London Aquatics Centre.
Two heats were held, one with seven competitors, the other with eight.
The swimmers with the eight fastest times advanced to the final.1929 All England Badminton Championships
The 1929 All England Championships was a badminton tournament held at the Royal Horticultural Halls, Westminster, England from March 4 to March 10, 1929.Sneberka
Sneberka () is a rural locality (a village) in Monastyrshchinsky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia, located from the border with Belarus.
Population: 14 (2007 est.).
The area of the village is .
During World War II, in July 1941, Sneberka was occupied by German troops.
The Soviet army liberated the village in September 1943.
Pochinok railway station is close to the village.Dimitris Konstantinidis
Dimitris Konstantinidis (, born 2 June 1994) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Aris as a right back.
Born in Korinos, Pieria, Konstantinidis started his career t the age of 14 in the youth ranks of after being spotted by the club's grassroots staff.
He made his unofficial debut with the first team just having turned 16 years, against Partizan in a 2010 friendly game.
Initially, Konstantinidis played as a right midfielder, but in the academies turned to be a fully right-back player.
On 26 August 2012, Konstantinidis made his league debut in a 1–0 home win against Panthrakikos.
At the end of the season, he signed a five-year contract with the club.
In the third UEFA Europa League qualifying round, he scored his first goal for his club, equalizing the score to send the club to the UEFA Europa League playoffs.
In the 2012–13 season he made 18 appearances.
In January 2014, he was given on loan to Aiginiakos before returning to PAOK after six months.
On 6 August 2015, Konstantinidis scored his first goal with the club in all competitions in a 1–1 away draw for UEFA Europa League third preliminary round against Spartak Trnava.
On 10 December 2015, he assisted Robert Mak in a 0–1 defeat of Borussia Dortmund in the UEFA Europa League group stage, earning him a selection to the best UEFA Europa League squad of the week.
On 20 December 2015, Konstantinidis suffered a cruciate ligament injury during Super League home game against Platanias keeping him out for the remainder of the season.
He returned to PAOK for the 2017–18 season, without making a single appearance with the club in the first half of the season.
On 8 August 2016, Konstantinidis joined Cypriot club Omonia on a 12-month loan deal from PAOK.
He made 20 appearances with the club.
On 26 May 2017, the club announced that with the end of the season the player would leave.
In January 2018, Konstantinidis joined Serie B club Brescia rejecting a loan offer from financially struggling Panathinaikos.
He joined manager Roberto Boscaglia's team as a free-agent, with the administration of the Greek Cup winners still keeping 30% of his rights in a future sale.
On 19 July 2018 he returned to the Superleague, signing a two-year contract with Aris.
On 9 December 2018, he scored in a 4–2 away loss against Atromitos.
He was a member of all Greek national teams.
At the age of 18, he was a starter for the Greece U20 team that participated in the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup held in Turkey.Order of Elizabeth and Theresa
The Imperial and Royal Decoration of Elizabeth and Theresa (in German: "Elisabeth-Theresien-Orden") was a decoration of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, created in 1750 by Empress Consort Elizabeth Christine in her testament.
It was later revised in 1771 by her daughter Empress Maria Theresa I, Holy Roman Empress, as the "Elizabetho-Theresian Military Foundation" ("Elisabeth-Theresianische Militärstiftung") .
The order must not be mistaken with the all female Order of Elizabeth, established by Franz Joseph I of Austria in 1898 to commemorate the memory of his late assassinated wife ""Sissi"".
"This section is the translation of the corresponding dutch article "
It was created in Vienna in 1750 by Elisabeth Christine of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel, widow of Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor, in her testament, to reward the deserving officers who distinguished in battles.
Originally the number of awarded officers was hardly 20.
Those had to serve faithfully in the army of the House of Austria for 30 years and having reached at least the rank of colonel and had to be inscribed in the Court Council of War, but without distinction of fatherland, birth or religion.
The Order was granted with 16,000 florins of annuity to be divided among the recipients.
There was originally three grades of annuity : 1000, 800 and 500 florins.
In 1771 Maria Theresa settled a maximum number of 21 members, after having rejected several petitions to modify the access to the Order.
The yearly pension amount was also revised: six times 853 florins and 76 kreuzers, eight times 683 florins and zeven times 426 florins and 85 kreuzers "(100 Kreuzers = 1 Florin)".
The religion of the recipients didn't mater.
The catholic officers were expected to pray three times Pater Noster and Ave Maria for the founder and the reigning sovereign.
The Protestants were free from this but they were expected to offer each year three ducats to the Invalides Institute.
In the 18th century, there was no retirement pension yet, there were lifelong institution like this one.
In France, a similar institution was an Institute founded as the Order of Military Merit (France) by Louis XV in 1759.
The Order was cancelled by the Austrian Republic in 1918.
The Order only has one rank : Knight.
The decoration consists of a star of gold with eight triangle, half-red half silver enameled,
supported by the imperial crown, charged with an oval shield in the heart with the initials of the two empresses ("ECMT for Elizabeth Christine Maria Theresa"), all topped by a crown, surrounded by the legend:" MARIA THERESIA PARENTIS GRATIAM perennem VOLUIT".
The ribbon of the Order is black.
The decoration was hanging from a triangular knot of that black ribbon on the left chest.
The religious feast with knights was determined on the 19 November, the day of Saint Elizabeth of Hungary.
It was never celebrated, but in the Augustinian Court Church in Vienna, a solemn High Mass was held.Chocolat (manga)
Chocolat is a mature comedy series about half-orphan Tatsumi Chiyoko, whose father was caught up in huge debt.
Now living with Omugi Matsukichi, an ex-underground king who opened a pastry shop, she gets to know people like Katou Ichigo, an ex-inmate.
With people after her father's whereabouts, what will happen to her?Dracophyllum longifolium
Dracophyllum longifolium, commonly called inaka (from Māori), is an upright shrub or small tree that is endemic to New Zealand.
"D. longifolium" grows mostly in the South Island but is found throughout New Zealand from sea level up to .
Inaka occurs in open forests where it can grow as high as 12 metres and in sub-alpine areas it generally reaches .
"D. longifolium" has thin branches that become marked with rings as old leaves die.
The needle-like long leaves are wide and up to long with a pointed tip and are often softly coloured from green through to orange and brown.
Inaka is a long-lived plant and can survive for up to 220 years.
This species has the following varieties:Cardell Goodman
Cardell Goodman (also Cardonell) (1649?–1699) was an English actor and adventurer, now known as a Jacobite conspirator.
He was son of a clergyman of the same name at one time in Shaftesbury, Dorset, and on 18 March 1651 removed from the benefice of Freshwater, Isle of Wight, by order of the council of state.
The son went to St. John's College, Cambridge, and proceeded B.A.
in 1670.
According to his own account, as related by Colley Cibber, he was expelled from the university as one of the hot-heads who cut and defaced a picture of the Duke of Monmouth, then chancellor of the university.
Goodman was then in London, and became one of the pages of the back-staircase to Charles II, but after five years' service he was dismissed for negligence.
He inherited £2,000 on his father's death, but squandered it.
Goodman then attached himself to the king's company at Drury Lane Theatre, and made a stage appearance as Polysperchon in the "Rival Queens, or Alexander the Great", 1677.
Here, according to Cibber, he made his reputation, and he is mentioned by John Downes as taking the parts of Alexas in John Dryden's "All for Love", Pharnaces in "Mithridates, king of Pontus", by Nathaniel Lee, acted in 1678, and Valentinian in the tragedy of "Valentinian", adapted by the Earl of Rochester from Beaumont and Fletcher's play, and performed at Drury Lane in 1685.
The characters in which he won major success were Julius Cæsar and Alexander the Great.
Cibber mentions praise he gave Goodman when he was playing the part of the chaplain in Thomas Otway's "Orphan".
In 1682, when a fusion took place between the duke's and the king's company, he supported Michael Mohun in opposing the united actors, although he joined them about three years later.
As a proof of his poverty Cibber relates that Philip Griffin and "Scum" Goodman—"as he was styled by his enemies"—were driven to share a bed and shirt, and that a duel was fought on Goodman's appropriating the common clothing out of his turn.
He also committed a highway robbery.
He was condemned, but speedily pardoned by James II, and returned to the stage a hero.
His latter years were rendered more affluent by his becoming the lover of the Duchess of Cleveland, but he was detected in an attempt to poison two of her children, brought to trial for a misdemeanour, and fined heavily.
In 1688 he withdrew from the stage, and became a gamester, an expert at ombre.
Out of gratitude to King James for sparing his life, Goodman became a Jacobite, and on the death of Queen Mary was connected with the Fenwick–Charnock plot to kill William III (1695–6).
When the scheme was discovered, Goodman, who was committed to the Gatehouse Prison, was offered a free pardon if he would inform against Sir John Fenwick.
Fenwick's friends sought him out at the "Fleece" in Covent Garden, and at the "Dog" in Drury Lane.
Goodman eventually agreed to accept £500 a year with a residence abroad.
He escaped to France, and died there of a fever in 1699, aged about 50.
The opprobrious nickname "Scum" was popularised by Thomas Babington Macaulay.1895 Liverpool East Toxteth by-election
The Liverpool East Toxteth by-election, 1895 was a parliamentary by-election held in England on 29 November 1895 for the House of Commons constituency of Liverpool East Toxteth.
On 14 November the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), Baron Henry de Worms was ennobled as Baron Pirbright.
His previous title was as a Hereditary Baron of the Austrian Empire, but his British peerage gave him a seat in the House of Lords, and automatically disqualified him from the Commons.
The Conservatives selected as their candidate Augustus Frederick Warr, a local solicitor
working in the field of commercial law.
Warr was a Liverpool City Councillor and a former President of the Liverpool Law Society.
His father, who died later that year, had been the vicar of St Saviour's Church in Liverpool.
The writ was received on 26 November, and Friday 29 November was set as nomination day, with polling on Tuesday 3 December.
However, at the close of nominations on Friday, Warr was the only candidate, so he was returned unopposed without any need for a vote.
Warr was re-elected unopposed at the next general election, in 1900.
He resigned his seat in October 1902,
and died in 1908.1930 All England Badminton Championships
The 1930 All England Championships was a badminton tournament held at the Royal Horticultural Halls, Westminster, England from March 4 to March 8, 1930.Bothrostethus
Bothrostethus is a genus of Coreidae family, subfamily Pseudophloeinae.Lingxi Library
The Lingxi Library () is the main library of the Dalian University of Technology (DUT) in Dalian, Liaoning, China.
It is named after Qian Lingxi, a famous scientist and academician who served as the second president of DUT.
Opened in 2009, it is one of the largest university libraries in Northeast China.
The Lingxi Library is located at the western end point of the east–west axis on the campus of Dalian University of Technology.
The building design itself emphasizes the contrast of simple rectangular layout and clear structure.
From an aesthetic point of view, it reflects simplicity and openness.
The core of the building is a five-story hall.
It acts not only as the main body for traffic, but also as the command center of the whole library.
The grand roof above the main entrance is a shelter to show care for library-users.
The whole building is intended to convey that people are cared for and learning is a perpetual pursuit.
The outside wall consists of red brick, dark metal and tint glass.
The library facade strives to find a balance point between classical and contemporary.
It combines modern techniques and materials with architectural expression enhancing the image and characteristics of the core building.
The construction area is 30,000 square meters.
There are 3,000 seats.
A large bronze statue of Qian Lingxi was unveiled in the library on July 16, 2012, the 96th anniversary of his birth.
The sculpture is the work of sculptor Wei Deng who works in Dalian University of Technology.
The statue is placed on a marble base located just inside the library.Christian William of Brandenburg
Christian Wilhelm of Brandenburg (28 August 1587 in Wolmirstedt – 1 January 1665 in Zinna Abbey) was a titular Margrave of Brandenburg, and from 1598 to 1631 Archbishop of Magdeburg.
Christian Wilhelm was a son of Elector Joachim Frederick of Brandenburg (1546-1608) from his first marriage with Catherine (1549-1602), a daughter of Margrave John of Brandenburg-Küstrin (1513-1571).
He was elected as Archbishop of Magdeburg in 1598.
However, the city of Magdeburg did not recognize him as Prince-Bishop, because his election had not been confirmed by the emperor.
When he married in 1614, he assumed the title of Lutheran administrator on.
That same year, he also became coadjutor of Halberstadt.
In 1624, he became administrator of Halberstadt.
During the Thirty Years' War, he entered into an alliance with Denmark.
In 1626, he led an army from Lower Saxony into the Battle of Dessau Bridge.
After Wallenstein won this battle, he fled abroad.
In 1629, he fled to the court of King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden.
In 1630, he returned to Germany.
The cathedral chapter of Magdeburg formally deposed him in 1631.
Sweden promised to assist him when he attempted to reconquer his Archbishopric.
Nevertheless, the reconquest failed and he was badly injured during the siege of Magdeburg in 1631.
He was taken up in the army camp Pappenheim, where his wounds were tended and Jesuits persuaded him to convert to Catholicism.
A pamphlet with the title was published in his name, and he was released.
Under the Peace of Prague of 1635, he received an annual sum of taler from the revenues of the archbishopric of Magdeburg, plus the districts Loburg and Zinna.
In 1651, he purchased the Nový Hrad estate in Bohemia.
He died at Zinna Abbey in 1665.
Christian William married three times.
His first wedding took place on 1 January 1615 in Wolfenbüttel, where he married Dorothea (1596-1643), a daughter of the Duke Henry Julius of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel.
From this marriage, he had a daughter, Sophie Elisabeth (1616-1650), married in 1638 to Duke Frederick William II of Saxe-Altenburg (1603-1669).
On 22 February 1650 in Prague, he married Barbara Eusebia (d. 1656), a daughter of Count Jaroslav Borzita of Martinice.
On 28 May 1657, he married, again in Prague, to Maximiliane (1608-1663), a daughter of Count Weichard of Salm-Neuburg.The Goat Puzzle
The Goat Puzzle, also known as The Infamous Goat Puzzle, The Infamous Goat, The Wretched Goat, The Goat of Lochmarne, or simply The Goat, is a puzzle featured in Revolution Software's 1996 point and click adventure game "".
In the puzzle, protagonist George Stobbart must gain access to an underground dig located in a castle in Lochmarne, Ireland, by avoiding getting butted by a fierce goat.
It is often explained to be difficult due to challenging the player in a way different from previous puzzles in the game.
It is also noted by many gamers and various publications as one of the hardest video game puzzles of all time.
The puzzle was simplified in "The Shadow of the Templars" 2009 .
Revolution Software's point and click adventure game "" was first released in 1996.
While investigating a murder, protagonist and player character George Stobbart finds himself uncovering a dark mystery regarding the Knights Templar.
A medieval manuscript which he obtained during the investigation leads him to a castle located in Lochmarne, Ireland.
As he cannot enter the castle through the main entrance door, he climbs a haystack, which stops short of the top of the wall.
He puts a sewer key which he obtained at the beginning of the game in a crack in the wall, which forms a step, allowing him to climb over the wall.
Inside the castle, an entrance to an underground dig is located.
A tied-up goat is sitting near the entrance; however, the rope to which it is tied is long enough to allow it to prevent George from reaching the entrance by butting him.
An old piece of farming machinery is located at the left side of the screen, but George is unable to interact with it, as the goat continues to butt him.
George must allow the goat to butt him when trying to reach the entrance, but while the goat is returning to its original position, the player must click on the farming machinery, which causes George to quickly jump up and run to the machinery and slightly reposition it.
When returned to its original position, the goat again charges and butts George, but while doing so, gets its rope entangled with the machinery, due to its repositioning.
This allows George to move freely and enter the dig.
The puzzle is considered by many gamers and publications to be one of the most challenging and hardest video game puzzles of all time.
"Broken Sword" creator and Revolution CEO Charles Cecil and "Broken Sword" designer Steve Ince, as well as publications which have covered it, explain that the puzzle was challenging because the player was not met with any "time critical" puzzle prior to this point in the game, which would mean they "would not necessarily make the connection that clicking on the machinery at a key moment would make this happen."
Chris Csullion of "Official Nintendo Magazine" said that "if you've played ["Broken Sword"], the words 'the goat puzzle' will probably make you break out in a cold sweat."
Geoff Thew of "Hardcore Gamer" wrote that "Broken Sword" was known for "intricate, challenging puzzles (some infamously so)."
The puzzle appeared on "Computer and Video Games" 2011 feature, "Gaming's hardest puzzles".
In 2012, it was listed on GameFront's "5 Crazy Difficult and Intricate Video Game Puzzles".
During a classic postmortem for "The Shadow of the Templars" at the European Game Developers Conference in August 2014, when Cecil brought up the topic of difficult puzzles, a member of the audience shouted "That fucking goat!
"; laughter ensued, and Cecil added: "It was very unfair, and it was absolutely bewildering."
He also continued, claiming he knew he had "made it" when a taxi driver once questioned him about his occupation: upon finding out he had written "Broken Sword" the driver exclaimed, "Ah, so you're the one responsible for the goat puzzle!"
The puzzle was simplified in "The Shadow of the Templars" 2009 by, according to Cecil, adding a more logical solution.
This version of the game includes a diary, in which the character takes notes; After completing the goat puzzle, George's diary reads: "So the 'ghost of Lochmarne' is no more than a fierce Billy goat.
For a moment I thought it was going to be incredibly awkward to get past, but in the end it was surprisingly simple.
Who would have known?
", as a reference to the original puzzle's reputation.
An easter egg involving a talking goat was included in "The Shadow of the Templars" sequel, "" (1997).
A goat puzzle was featured in "", in the beginning and ending of 2014 second and final episode of the title, as part of the achieved $800,000 Kickstarter "stretch goal".Litsea monopetala
Litsea monopetala is a plant in the genus "Litsea", found in the regions from the Terai to 1450 m, in Shorea robusta forest and tropical evergreen forest in Nepal.
Outside Nepal, its range extends from Kumaon to Sikkim, Bangladesh, Burma and southwest China.
In India it is found in Assam, Odisha, Eastern Himalayas, Maharashtra (Pune, Sindhudurg) and Tamil Nadu (Coimbatore).
It grows up to a height of 18 meters with a diameter of 60 cm.
The density of the wood at 15% moisture is 540 kg/cbm.Augustus Frederick Warr
Augustus Frederick Warr (September 1847 – 24 March 1908) was an English solicitor from Liverpool and a Conservative Party politician.
He sat in the House of Commons from 1895 to 1902.
Warr was the third son of Rev George Winter Warr, a Church of England vicar of St Saviour's Church in Liverpool and the Canon of Liverpool from 1880 until his death in 1895.
He was educated at the Royal Institution School in Liverpool, and qualified as a solicitor in 1870.
He married the sister of the lawyer Gorell Barnes.
Warr specialised in commercial law, on which he became an established authority.
He became a partner in the firm of Batestons, Warr & Wimshurt, and served as President of the Liverpool Law Society in 1892.
He was elected as a Liverpool City Councillor in November 1894.
The Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) Baron Henry de Worms was ennobled in November 1895, giving him a seat and the House of Lords and creating a vacancy in his Commons seat, the East Toxteth division of Liverpool.
Warr was selected as the Conservative candidate for the resulting by-election, and was returned unopposed.
He was re-elected unopposed at the general election in 1900, but found that the increasing workload of Parliament was incompatible with his legal work in Liverpool and his wife's long-term illness.
He resigned his seat on 27 October 1902 by the procedural device of accepting appointment as Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds, triggering another by-election.
Warr died suddenly at the age of 60 on 24 March 1908, after returning home from business.Francois Plaatjies
Francois Chessley Plaatjies (born 26 August 1986) is a South African cricketer who plays for the Cape Cobras.
A talented fast bowler, who can bowl over 95 mph, and genuine tail-ender, Plaatjies made his first-class debut for Western Province against Boland in 2007, but did not take a wicket.
However, Plaatjies found success briefly after that leading to a contract with the Cape Cobras team in the 2008/09 season.
Plaatjies also participated in the 2009 Champions League Twenty20 albeit only in one match (which turned out to be his T20 debut), where he bowled four economical overs for only thirteen runs against the Delhi Daredevils.
Plaatjies' pace and wicket-taking ability lead to a call-up the South Africa A cricket team who were to tour Sri Lanka in 2010.
Unfortunately, Plaatjies had to withdraw from the tour nursing a groin injury which led to a one and a half season absence from professional cricket.
Plaatjies' return to cricket during the latter part of 2011 was unsuccessful taking no wickets.
However, at the age of 26, Plaatjies has a bright future ahead of him if he can attain his successful form he once had.Osagyefo Barge
The Osagyefo Barge is a 125 MW barge-mounted gas turbine electric power generating station located at Effasu in the Western Region of Ghana.
The 77 m long barge is equipped with a pair of single-cycle heavy-duty gas turbine units built by Ansaldo that have a combined generating capacity of 125 MW.
It is designed to burn either natural gas or diesel fuel.
The 125 MW power barge was ordered by the Ghanaian government in 1995 with financial assistance from the Overseas Economic Cooperation Fund of Japan.
It was intended to generate electricity from natural gas obtained from offshore production fields.
The project development called for 450 MW of combined cycle power barges to belated in a man made lagoon.
The barge was built in Italy at Navalmare Yard, completed in 1999, and delivered to Ghana in October 2002.
It was then moored at the Sekondi Naval Base in Sekondi until 2005, when it was moved to Effasu after the completion of dredging necessary to allow it to enter the harbor there.
The offshore oil and gas fields did not develop as quickly as expected, so the power barge sat idle and its condition deteriorated.
There was a proposal to move the barge to Tema, but that proposal was dropped in 2007.
During this period, there was little maintenance conducted on the power barge or on the site, resulting in the deterioration of many of the systems.
The power barge project was initially under the management of Western Power, a subsidiary of GNPC the Ghana National Petroleum Corporation; responsibility was transferred to the Volta River Authority in 2003.
In July 2007, the government of Ghana entered an unsolicited 20-year lease agreement with the company Balkan Energy Ghana to refurbish and operate the power barge, initially using diesel fuel and later using gas to be delivered by the West African Gas Pipeline.
Ghana sought additional electricity supplies from the barge to alleviate electricity shortages resulting from reduced water levels at the Akosombo Dam hydroelectric project.
The company promised to begin operations within 90 days.
Also, plans were announced to increase the barge's generating capacity by 60 MW, bringing it from its current capacity of 125 MW up to 185 MW.
The unit has never operated and the expansion was not completed.
The government of Ghana sued in Ghanaian court, seeking to nullify the contract with Balkan Energy.
Balkan Energy blamed ProEnergy, a U.S. company with which it had contracted, for Balkan's inability to bring the generating station online when promised.
Balkan Energy and ProEnergy sued each other in U.S. courts and the government of Ghana later filed a lawsuit against ProEnergy in U.S. court.
The name "Osagyefo" commemorates Kwame Nkrumah, the first president of Ghana.Evolution (JLS album)
Evolution is the fourth and final studio album by British boy band JLS.
The album was released on 5 November 2012 through RCA Records.
The album marks a new change in direction for the band, described as "a throwback to the '90s new jack swing/R&B-influenced music".
The album was preceded by the single "Hottest Girl in the World", released on 21 October 2012.
In March 2012, Oritsé Williams revealed that JLS had decided to work with top American producers for their fourth record, so they can give their fans a "great album".
He claimed that "We're furthering our sound in that way."
"We've been in the studio with people like Darkchild, and we've kind of gone back to new jack swing, and R&B on the album."
He also revealed that they were working with "Mr. Bangladesh, who is known for his hip hop.
We wanted to write with new people.
We've got to give the fans a great album and we try to be the best we can."
In April 2012, the band revealed that they were "going to Scandinavia and America over the next few weeks to put pen to paper."
They also announced that the goal with the album was "to take us international."
In the same month, they discussed about plans to approach Canadian rapper Drake to feature on the lead single.
Marvin Humes told the "Daily Star": "We'd love to do a record with Drake and we're going to approach him to feature on our next single as it has to be our best yet."
In August 2012, the group revealed that the album would be titled "Evolution", and would be released on 5 November 2012.
Humes later stated the thinking behind the title was based on the fact that the group "wanted to come back with something that was different and that would give people something to talk about".
On 3 September 2012, they announced that "Hottest Girl in the World" would serve as the lead single from the album, with a release date of 21 October 2012.
On 21 August, the band began filming a music video for "Hottest Girl in the World".
On the direction of the album.
Aston Merrygold said; "We didn't go by any kind of guidelines or anything like that, we just made what felt right and we're really excited about it."
On 11 September, the band unveiled the artwork for the album.
The band also confirmed that a deluxe version of the album will be available, that will feature bonus and previously unreleased tracks.
On 6 September, "Hottest Girl in the World" premiered on BBC Radio 1.
The album features collaborations with both Bebe O'Hare and Tiffany Foxx, two independent artists who are well known on the underground circuit in the United States.
Humes said of Tiffany Foxx's appearance: "Tiffany helped us with a spectacular take of "Dessert".
She cracked the vocals.
We would love to see the version with her released as a single."
In promotion of the album, the band performed "Hottest Girl in the World" on "The X Factor" on 21 October 2012, and premiered "Hold Me Down" on the edition of "The Xtra Factor" that followed.
They also performed the track on "" on 26 October 2012.
Upon release, "Evolution" received mixed to positive reviews from music critics.
At review aggregate site Metacritic, it has an average score of 54 out of 100, based on five reviews, indicating "mixed to average" reviews.
Shaun Kitchener of AMAZEPOP gave it a positive review, comparing it favourably to JLS's previous album "Jukebox" (2011).
He said: "...it makes the group feel fresh again, like they're back at the forefront of the British boyband movement.
They’re sensibly taking a step away from the half-cooked urbanised electro-pop that filled their last couple of albums; leaving the guitar-driven bubblegum choruses to One Direction and letting The Wanted get on with their own brand of club-ready ladpop."
"Gotta Try It", "Hold Me Down" and "Give Me Life" were named the best tracks, with the latter being compared to Chris Brown.
Kate Lucey of "Sugarscape" believed that JLS had "...upped their game for Evolution; released R&B, urban flavoured pop, and mastered it".
She called it "their best record yet" and gave it a perfect 10/10 rating.
Maximum Pop said: "All in all, a pretty solid album from Marvin & Co, as well as showing a significant progression of their overall musical style – they’ve moved from their pop leanings and have fully embraced their role as an R&B group, something that’ll help them separate from the growing pack of boybands out there, particularly against One Direction’s guitar-based power pop and The Wanted’s more clubby, experimental records.
It’s an ‘Evolution’ alright, and we’re definitely along for the ride."
Writing for 4Music, Chris Younie was highly positive in his review: "We've always known [JLS] were suave and sophisticated, but this has never been more evident than on this latest album.
The boys are back and they're cooler, crisper and cleverer than ever before.
We approve."
Lewis Corner of Digital Spy gave the album 3/5 stars.
Regarding "Hottest Girl in the World", he said "...it was a relief to hear the group ditch their tired R&B-dance hybrids to serve up a cool slice of Justin Timberlake-styled pop.
Their new attitude showed everyone that JLS are not shy about shaking off their boyish charm and transform into a charismatic manband."
He was critical of other tracks "I Like It" and "Gotta Try It", but admitted that "Nevertheless, the result is an improvement on 2011's Jukebox and proves that JLS still have some mileage in them yet."
In a review for AllMusic, Matt Collar said: "The fourth album from 2008 "X Factor" runner-up JLS, 2012's Evolution features more of the British boy band's slick, dance-oriented R&B.
This time, JLS have teamed up with big-name producers Mr. Bangladesh (Usher, T-Pain) and Rodney Jerkins (Michael Jackson, Justin Bieber).
The result is a synth-heavy album that evinces a kind of updated take on the '90s new jack swing influence that first inspired the group."City Hall (Reading, Pennsylvania)
City Hall, originally known as Boy's High School, is a historic city hall located at Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
It was built in 1904, as the high school for boys, and converted to use as a city hall in 1928.
It is a three-story, with basement, granite and gray brick building in the Beaux Arts style.
It features terra cotta decorative elements and measures 210 feet by 201 feet.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.Effasu
Effasu (or Effasu-Mangyea) is a farming community in the Jomoro District in the Western Region of Ghana, about 150 km west of Takoradi.
The Osagyefo Barge is located at Effasu.Manja Rogan
Manja Rogan (born 22 October 1995) is a Slovenian football midfielder currently playing for Pomurje in the Slovenian Women's League, with which she made her Champions League debut in August 2012, scoring 3 goals.
She has been an U17 international.John Gayer
John Gayer or John Gayre may refer to:Journey Out of Darkness
Journey Out of Darkness is a 1967 Australian film.
In 1901, trooper Peterson is sent to the Australian outback to arrest an aboriginal man responsible for a ritual killing.
He is accompanied by blacktracker Jubbal.
On the way back Jubbal is killed, and Peterson and the prisoner form a relationship.
Director James Trainor had worked at the Commonwealth Film Unit and worked in the United States as a documentary director.
He wrote the script with his father-in-law, noted Hollywood screenwriter Howard E. Koch.
Konrad Matthaei agreed to help finance the movie if he was allowed to play the lead role.
Kamahl a popular singer from Sri Lanka who had emigrated to Australia was cast in a lead role.
Filming began in January 1967 and took place in outback Australian and at the studios of Supreme Sound.
Location filming took six weeks.
The film had its world premiere in Canberra at a screening that was attended by the Governor General Lord Casey and the Prime Minister Harold Holt (it was one of the last functions attended by Holt prior to his drowning).
However its commercial response was disappointing.
"Filmink" magazine later wrote "It has its heart in the right place, albeit in a ‘50s Hollywood liberal way...but is fatally compromised by the casting of Sri Lankan Kamahl and white Ed Devereaux in blackface as aboriginals, not to mention Konrad Matthaei being simply dull in the lead.
The film’s main problem is structural – there is no urgency in the trip and nothing interesting happens on the way.
Once you stop laughing at Devereaux, it’s just boring."Dimitris Pelkas
Dimitris Pelkas (, born 26 October 1993 in Giannitsa, Pella) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK as an attacking midfielder.
Pelkas made his club debut on the 2 August, against Bnei Yehuda in the Europa League coming on for Apostolos Giannou.
He scored his first professional goal in the return leg against Bnei Yehuda in a 4-1 home win.
He made his league debut for the club on the 3 September 2012 against Atromitos.
On 22 August 2013, Pelkas signed for a year contract with Apollon Pontou on loan from PAOK playing in Football League.
He has been among the top players of the club scoring 14 goals and making 10 assists.
On 7 July 2014, Pelkas signed a new one-year contract with Vitória on loan from PAOK playing in Portuguese Primeira Liga.
Vitória guaranteed him playing time, and Pelkas in many games made the difference.
Playing for Setubal, he heard that the Portuguese club will buy him against €350.000 and then sold him to Sporting for €1 million, but thankfully for PAOK that did not happen.
The young midfielder will get his opportunities, as pointed out by Vitória F.C.
manager Domingos Paciência at the newspaper «Metrosport».
""I spoke with the president of PAOK Zisis Vryzas, and he told me that he (Pelkas) is a quality, talented player who needs time to show his abilities.
At Vitória he will get his chances to show us what he's made of.
The Portuguese league, as the Greek one has a lot of power and he must show us that he can handle it.""
On 27 July 2015 Dimitris Pelkas has signed a new contract with PAOK, which will keep him in Toumba until 2018.
His indisputable best professional year so far eventually attracted the interest of many clubs among that of Sporting that based on his previous performance with Vitória is very likely to proceed with the acquisition of the player for an initial amount of €1,5 million, even if his clause reaches the €5 million.
On 18 October 2015, Pelkas scored his first Superleague goal with PAOK for the 2015-16 season against Iraklis in a 3-3 away draw.
On 21 February 2016, he scored against rivals Panathinaikos helped his team to escape with a 2-2 away draw.
On 27 February 2016, he opened the score in a 2-0 home Superleague win against Asteras Tripoli.
On 8 December 2016, he scored his first goal for the 2016-17 season, in a crucial 2-0 home UEFA Europa League win against Slovan Liberec ensuring club's progress to the next round.
On 20 September 2017, Pelkas is undoubtedly the man of the match in the Greek Cup game of PAOK with Levadiakos with the Greek midfielder to fail in a penalty and a minute later to achieve a terrific goal.
On September 29, 2017, Pelkas agreed to a contract extension with PAOK, until the summer of 2021.
On 30 September 2017, reached 100 appearances with the jersey of PAOK in all competitions.
On 27 August 2017, he scored his first goal for the 2017-18 season in a 3-1 home game, against Kerkyra On 15 October 2017, he scored in a 4-0 home win game against Lamia
On 10 December 2017, he scored a brace in a thriumphic 4-0 home win game against rivals Panathinaikos.
On 14 January 2018, he scored in a 3-0 away win game against Kerkyra On 3 February 2018, he opened the score in a crucial 3-1 away win against PAS Giannina, and PAOK remain in first place of Super League on the road to the title of 2017-18 season.
On 17 February 2018, after a frustrating first half, Pelkas opened the score in the 56th minute when a superb exchange of passes between Robert Mak, Maurício, and Diego Biseswar ended with the latter teeing up international midfielder perfectly to slot home, secured yet another 2-0 win against Lamia for Razvan Lucescu’s unstoppable team, who only this week were named the world’s top-ranked form team win 14 wins in a row in all competitions.
On 12 May 2018, a late Pelkas tap-in helped PAOK overcome AEK to lift the Greek Cup at the Olympic Stadium in Athens after an enthralling final ended in a deserved 2-0 win for the Salonica club, as PAOK retain Greek Cup to wreck AEK’s double dream.
On 8 August 2018, Pelkas scored when José Ángel Crespo made an incredible pass for Leo Matos and the latter made enormous attempt by rolling back the ball to the penalty area with the Greek international pushing him to the net, in a 3-2 home win game for UEFA Champions League Third qualifying round , 1st leg against Spartak Moskva.
On 4 October 2018, he scored after an assist from Léo Jabá in a 4-1 away emphatic win against BATE Borisov in Belarus for UEFA Europa League Group stage.
On 18 February Pelkas opened the scoring in the fourth minute with a header following a precise free-kick from captain Vieirinha in a hammering 5-1 away win against Apollon Smyrni in his rally to win the title after 34 years.
On 14 April 2019, PAOK's winger was in the right place and the right time to pick up possession from a poor Nikola Jakimovski clearance, and he returned the ball with interest into the top left corner of Ögmundur Kristinsson’s net, opening the score in a 1-1 away draw game against AEL.
On 2 October 2015 Interim Greece coach Kostas Tsanas called up midfielder Dimitris Pelkas for the match against Northern Ireland and Hungary for UEFA Euro 2016.
""All players dream of someday representing their country and I am happy for this opportunity.
It is an honour for me,"" said Pelkas.
On 7 October 2015, he made his international debut as a substitute in the 3-1 away loss game against Northern Ireland.The King and Other Stories
The King and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by American author Joe R. Lansdale.
This book was published as a limited edition by Subterranean Press.
It is long out of print.Saint Barbara (van Eyck)
Saint Barbara is a small 1437 drawing on oak panel, signed and dated 1437 by the Netherlandish artist Jan van Eyck.
It is unknown if the work is a chalk ground study in pencil for a planned oil painting, an unfinished underdrawing or a completed work in of itself, although the latter is deemed more likely.
The panel shows Saint Barbara imprisoned in a tower by her pagan father, to preserve her from the outside world, especially from suitors he did not approve of.
While there, she converted to Christianity, enraging her father and leading to her murder and martyrdom.
The nature of the work has been widely debated by art historians.
Found on a chalk ground, the panel was completed with brush stroke, a stylus, silverpoint, ink, oil and black pigment.
The blue and ultramarine paint may be later additions.
Some areas and passages are more detailed than others, and it has long been debated if it is an autonomous drawing or the underdrawing for an unfinished painting.
If it was intended as extant, it would be the earliest surviving drawing of any artist, although not prepared on paper or parchment.
Evidence includes that the work was highly regarded at the time by Flemish aesthetics as an object in itself.
Saint Barbara was a Christian martyr believed to have lived in the 3rd century, and a popular saint in the late Middle Ages.
According to hagiography, her wealthy and pagan father, Dioscorus, sought to preserve her from unwelcome suitors by imprisoning her in a tower.
While captive, Barbara let in a priest who baptised her, an act for which she was hunted and eventually beheaded by her father.
She became a popular subject for artists of van Eyck's generation; another notable contemporary depiction is Robert Campin's 1438 "Werl Triptych".
The areas of the surface containing pigment, including portions of the sky and the window traceries, may have been later additions, with the early 17th century Flemish painter Karel van Mander sometimes attributed.
Barbara is shown seated reading a book, in front of a large Gothic cathedral still in the process of being built, with many workmen visible on the ground carry stone and on various parts of the tower.
She has the typical narrow shoulders of a female van Eyck portrait.
She is dressed in houppelande with wide sleeves, and a gown which is gathered at the waist.
The opening in her bodice rises to a deep v-neck, while the trim rises to form a collar made of fur.
Below the v-neck is a dark partlet, a rectangular piece of cloth with an open, standing collar, which is perhaps made of taffeta.
As a maiden, she is bare headed.
Three women behind and to Barbara's left are seen visiting the construction, each wearing similar houppelandes.
The woman in the center raises her skirt to show her kirtle.
They are each wearing headdress, probably burlets with ruffled golets draped from the head.
The drawing is set against a blue wash sky sweeping landscape rendered in browns, whites and blues, with parts only sketchily detailed.
The elements of the tower are highly described, and contain many complex architectural details.
In a number of respects it resembles the Cologne cathedral, which in 1437 was still under construction.
Van Eyck had earlier depicted the cathedral as well as a view of Cologne in the "Adoration of the Lamb" panel of the "Ghent Altarpiece".
The tower, like the drawing itself, is still under construction, and the panel in parts resembles a building site, being filled with figures engaged in the building project.
They include workmen carrying stone, foremen and architects.
According to art historian Simone Ferrari, "with its detailed and complex of small scenes, the work seems to foreshadow the paintings of Pieter Bruegel the Elder".
The panel's granularity of detail recedes as the viewers's eye moves towards the background.
The craftsmen on the tower top are far less detailed than those on the ground at Barbara's level, while elements of the landscape are bare sketches.
In some areas the line between the preparatory drawing and the under-painting cross-over.
The lower borders of the illusionistically painted solid red marble frame which contains lettering painted in such a manner so as to appear as if chiseled.
The words are set in roman capitals, with punctuation at the beginning and end of the sentence.
The lettering reads ("Jan van Eyck made me, 1437").
This fact has brought a lot of question to the exact role of van Eyck's signature.
If it is assumed that the work is unfinished, then the completion may refers only to the design of the picture, left to be finished by members of his workshop.
However, it has been pointed out that inscriptions or signatures were sometimes the first element of a painting to be completed.Power residue symbol
In algebraic number theory the "n"-th power residue symbol (for an integer "n" > 2) is a generalization of the (quadratic) Legendre symbol to "n"-th powers.
These symbols are used in the statement and proof of cubic, quartic, Eisenstein, and related higher reciprocity laws.
Let "k" be an algebraic number field with ring of integers formula_1 that contains a primitive "n"-th root of unity formula_2
Let formula_3 be a prime ideal and assume that "n" and formula_4 are coprime (i.e.
formula_5.)
The norm of formula_4 is defined as the cardinality of the residue class ring (note that since formula_4 is prime the residue class ring is a finite field):
An analogue of Fermat's theorem holds in formula_9 If formula_10 then
And finally, suppose formula_12 These facts imply that
is well-defined and congruent to a unique formula_14-th root of unity formula_15
This root of unity is called the "n"-th power residue symbol for formula_16 and is denoted by
The "n"-th power symbol has properties completely analogous to those of the classical (quadratic) Legendre symbol (formula_18 is a fixed primitive formula_14-th root of unity):
In all cases (zero and nonzero)
The "n"-th power residue symbol is related to the Hilbert symbol formula_24 for the prime formula_4 by
in the case formula_4 coprime to "n", where formula_28 is any uniformising element for the local field formula_29.
The formula_14-th power symbol may be extended to take non-prime ideals or non-zero elements as its "denominator", in the same way that the Jacobi symbol extends the Legendre symbol.
Any ideal formula_31 is the product of prime ideals, and in one way only:
The formula_14-th power symbol is extended multiplicatively:
For formula_35 then we define
where formula_37 is the principal ideal generated by formula_38
Analogous to the quadratic Jacobi symbol, this symbol is multiplicative in the top and bottom parameters.
Since the symbol is always an formula_14-th root of unity, because of its multiplicativity it is equal to 1 whenever one parameter is an formula_14-th power; the converse is not true.
The "power reciprocity law", the analogue of the law of quadratic reciprocity, may be formulated in terms of the Hilbert symbols as
whenever formula_48 and formula_57 are coprime.A. W. Rabi Bernard
A. W. Rabi Bernard is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Parliament of India from Tamil Nadu.
He represents Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party.
He has interviewed several international and national leaders and business tycoons and he was Professor, Visual Communication, Loyola College, Chennai.
B.A.
(Journalism and Mass Communication), M.A.
(Communications) Educated at University of Santo Tomas, Philippines.
Rajya Sabha members from Tamil NaduWarr (surname)
Warr is a surname, and may refer to:Lately I
"Lately I" is a song by American recording artist Faith Evans.
Penned by Diane Warren and S. Jordan, it was recorded by Evans for her second studio album "Keep the Faith" (1998).
Produced by Stevie J, David Foster and Mike Mason, the track was released as the album's fourth and final single in fall 1999 and reached number 78 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.Flórián Farkas
Flórián Farkas (born September 4, 1957) is a Hungarian Romani politician, President of the Lungo Drom party and former head of the National Roma Council.
He is a member of the National Assembly (MP) since 2002.
Referring to his biography, Farkas learned politology at the faculty of the Law at the Eötvös Loránd University between 2001 and 2005.
He acquired a university degree in political science there in 2005 and since then he has been a part-time teacher in the university.
Farkas has never could provide any evidence of his university degree or at least of his secondary school graduation.
However, there are evidences proving the opposite, and the rector of ELTE firmly refuted his activity as a teacher.
That's also proven, Farkas was passing the 8-year-long elementary school over 15 years, and he probably finished the 8th class in prison, when he was twenty years old.
He has taken an active part in Roma public life since 1983.
He worked as a social worker for Roma families for the local council of Szolnok and was a member of the Roma Coordination Committee of Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County from 1985.
He became secretary of the National Gypsy Council (OCÖ) in 1987, and secretary general, then president of Lungo Drom Roma Advocacy Alliance.
From 1995 to 1999, he was chairman of the National Gypsy Minority Council, then from 1999 to 2002 chairman of the National Gypsy Council.
On 27 March 2003, he established a new organization, the National Association of Roma Councils by uniting thirty regional Roma organisations as well as nine hundred branches of the Lungo Drom.
He was elected chairman of the federal board of the organization.
He was among the signatories of the electoral agreement of 21 December 2001 concluded by the Fidesz, the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) and Lungo Drom National Roma Advocacy and Civil Alliance.
The cooperation agreement was aimed at the promotion of the social integration of the Roma population and the preservation of the achievements of the Roma policy encouraging the parliamentary representation of the Roma.
He secured a seat in the Parliament in the 2002 general elections as a candidate on the Fidesz National List.
Since May he has been participating in the work of the Committee on Human Rights, Minority and Religion as well as the Committee on European Integration.
He has held the post of deputy parliamentary group leader since 15 May 2004.
He was elected member of the Szolnok Assembly in the local elections in the autumn of 2002.
He was elected MP from the national list in the 2006 elections.
Four years later he became MP from the Budapest Regional List.
He was appointed Ministerial Commissioner for the Romani Affairs by Minister of Justice Tibor Navracsics on 1 July 2010.
The Lungo Drom won the Hungarian minority elections of 2011, as a result he was elected president of the National Gypsy Council for the second term, following Orbán Kolompár.
In February 2011, the OCÖ adopted a new statute and renamed to National Roma Council (ORÖ).
He is married.
His wife is Sarolta Flóriánné Farkas Ámit.
They have three children.Betula albosinensis
Betula albosinensis, the Chinese red birch, syn.
"B. bhojpattra" var.
"sinensis", "B. utilis" var.
"sinensis", is a species of birch in the family Betulaceae, native to Western China.
It is a deciduous tree growing to .
A particular feature is the peeling brown bark (cream when newly exposed).
In fact the Latin specific name "albosinensis" means "white, from China".
Brown catkins are produced in Spring.
"Betula albosinensis" is grown as an ornamental tree for parks and large gardens, and numerous cultivars have been produced.
The cultivars 'China Rose'
and 'Red Panda'
have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.David Devine (athlete)
David Devine (born 13 February 1992) is a British Paralympic athlete.
Devine competes in T12 and T13 middle-distance track events, and has represented Great Britain in both the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships and the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Devine was born in Liverpool, England in 1992.
Devine, who has a visual impairment, took up athletics after attending the DSE Championships in Blackpool in 2008.
He joined local athletics club, Liverpool Harriers, and began entering local youth meets, running in the 400 metres.
By 2009 Devine was entering both 400m and 800m events, winning at both distances in events in Britain and Europe.
By the end of the year he had recorded a personal best of 51.90s in the 400m at the IBSA Open European Championships in Rhodes and a 1:58.23 in the 800m at the German Disability Championships in Sindlefingen.
The next year Devine began concentrating more on the 800m, and by July he had improved his time to 1:54.34.
By 2011 Devine began entering the 1500m winning local and youth meets at that distance.
That year he was also selected for the Great Britain team at the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships, running in the 800m.
Despite running a time of 2:00.43, far off his best, he qualified from the heats in second place.
In the final he ran 2:00.61 taking the bronze medal.
In 2012 Devine began to compete in the 5000m event, with a view of concentrating on that distance in the future.
Despite this ambition, by the time of the 2012 Summer Paralympics Devine had qualified for the two distances he had built his reputation on, the 800m and 1500m.
At the London Paralympics Devine first ran in the T13 1500m.
On 4 September, in the final, he ran a personal best of 3:49.79 to take the bronze medal and setting a new European record in the process.
Just a day later he was back on the track in the final of the T12 800m, and although seeming out of the medals by the final bend, Devine found the acceleration in the final straight to over-take Lazaro Rashid of Cuba to take his second bronze of the Games.
At the 2016 IPC Athletics European Championships in Grosseto, Devine returned from a four-year injury to collect the silver medal in the T13 1500m.Zheng Yuansen
Zheng Yuansen (; born in Guangzhou on 17 July 1989) is a Chinese boccia player who began playing the sport in 2008.
He won a gold medal in Boccia at the 2010 Asian Para Games.
He is assured a medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics after defeating Stephen McGuire 12-0.
McGuire complimented his playing, saying of Zheng "He has got so much power, he played really great.
In the end I couldn't compete with his power and this was my toughest match of the competition."Hopefield, Bonnyrigg
Hopefield is an area in south Bonnyrigg, Midlothian, north-east of Rosewell and populated by a modern, ongoing housing development, on land dating back to 17th century Polton South Mains Farm.
The area also contains a newly opened primary school.Mohamed Al-Zarouni
Mohamed Abdelkarim Mohamed Ismail Al Zarouni (Arabic: محمد عبدالكريم محمد إسماعيل الزرعوني; born 6 February 1972) is an Emirati football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Al Zarouni became a FIFA referee in 2002.
He has served as a referee in competitions including the AFC Champions League and 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, beginning with the match between Bahrain and Qatar.Gayer
Gayer may refer to:Kristina Krstić
Kristina Krstić is a Serbian football striker currently playing in the Kazakhstani Championship for BIIK Kazygurt.
She previously played for Mašinac Niš in the Serbian First League.
She has played the Champions League with both teams, and she is a member of the Serbian national team.
She scored a winner over Croatia in the 2011 World Cup qualifying.Gayre
Gayre may refer to:Suzhou Ladies Open
The Suzhou Ladies Open is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor hard courts.
The event is classified as a $100,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament.
It has been held in Suzhou, China, since 2012.
It was part of the WTA 125K series from 2013 to 2014.Warr
Warr may refer to:Abdullah Balideh
Abdullah Dor Mohammad Balideh Baloushi (born 14 February 1970) is a Qatari football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Balideh became a FIFA referee in 2005.
He served as a referee in the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, as well as the Pan Arab Games.Hottest Girl in the World
Hottest Girl in the World is a song by English boy band JLS, released as the official lead, and second overall, single from the group's fourth studio album, "Evolution".
The track was released on 21 October 2012.
The track is a preview of the band's new-style material, which focuses on stronger harmonies and stripped back British R&B.
The song was written by the band, along with Dwayne Abernathy, Ali Tennant and Bangladesh, the latter of whom produced the track.
The track received its official radio premiere was on "The Chris Moyles Show" on BBC Radio 1 on 6 September 2012.
Shortly after, the band's official YouTube account uploaded a short audio snippet of the track, followed by an unofficial lyric video.
After the song's premiere on BBC Radio 1, fans and critics expressed their views on Twitter.
Many of the reviews were mixed, with some branding it a "Justin Timberlake rip-off".
JLS performed the song live on "The X Factor" on 21 October 2012, as well as "" on 26 October 2012.
Jon Stickler of Stereoboard.com described the song as "a sleek, modern club song, showing maturity and progression, which takes the group out of pop territory."
The music video for the track premiered on JLS's official YouTube account on 10 September 2012.
The video features the band dressed in black and white outfits, performing choreographed routines throughout the video, alongside backing dancers.Emmanuel Armah Kofi Buah
Emmanuel Armah Kofi Buah (born 1966) is a Ghanaian politician who has served in the government of Ghana as Minister of Energy and Petroleum since 2013.
Buah, a member of the National Democratic Congress, is the Member of Parliament of Ellembelle constituency in the Western Region.
On 17 January 2013, Buah was named as Minister for Energy and Petroleum.
He was succeeded by Hon.
Boakye Agyarko in 2017 when the New Patriotic Party won the 2016 Presidential elections.
Emmanuel Armah Kofi Buah holds a law degree from the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science degree in Management from the University of Maryland, University College in the United States.
Buah has two children.Rodborough Common, Gloucestershire
Rodborough Common is a biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1954.
The site is listed in the ‘Stroud District’ Local Plan, adopted November 2005, Appendix 6 (online for download) as an SSSI and a Regionally Important Geological Site (RIGS).
The Common is also a Special Area of Conservation (SAC) under the EU Habitats Directive
Rodborough Common is sited south of Stroud and is owned and managed by the National Trust.
It is north of Minchinhampton Common.
It lies on Jurassic limestone and is on top of the Cotswold scarp.
It is bounded on either side by the Nailsworth valley and the Frome valley.
It is on a hill (a plateau area), and its margins are dissected by dry valleys.
The sides of this plateau are steep.
Rodborough Common, like Minchinhampton Common, is notified for its biological and geological importance.
The grassland is unimproved, "herb-rich" and calcareous.
There is an important geological area for fossils for research purposes.
There are old quarry workings which are near Rodborough Fort.
These contain exposures of Inferior Oolite limestones of the Middle Jurassic Period.
The fossils are numerous in the strata, and provide many species.
Of particular interest are bivalve molluscs, and these were first defined from specimens collected on this site.
The site is particularly significant as it is the only remaining one in the region.
It is close to the southern edge of the Middle Inferior Oolite.
This is cut out beneath the overlying Upper Trigonia Grit (across the common and to the south).
In research terms this shows the effects of earth movements on the local succession.
The grassland plateau supports tor-grass, upright brome, sheep's fescue and quaking grass.
This area is relatively short as it is grazed and there is recreational use.
The slopes support a higher sward and this is the area for insect life.
Herbs recorded include chalk milkwort, clustered bellflower, kidney vetch and autumn gentian.
There are several species of orchid which include frog orchid, bee orchid and musk orchid.
The rare pasqueflower is recorded at this site.
Scrub is scattered over the Common and near the edges.
This include hawthorn, bramble and there are various types of small trees.
Juniper is present.
Where there is broad-leaved woodland, this is mainly beech and ash.
Invertebrates flourish on this site and butterflies recorded include the Duke of Burgundy and marsh fritillary.
There are bugs, beetles and moths recorded.
The snail "Abida secale" is present.Lee Min-hu
Lee Min-Hu (born 14 September 1979) is a South Korean football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Lee became a FIFA referee in 2005.
He has also served as a referee in competitions including 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers and the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup.Cotton and Maple Streets School
Cotton and Maple Streets School is a historic school building located at Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
It was built in 1902-1903, and is a two-story, brick and sandstone building in the Richardsonian Romanesque style.
It features terra cotta decorative elements and measures 210 feet by 201 feet.
It has a rear service wing.
The building became a clubhouse in the 1940s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.Jeong Ho-won
Ho-Won Jeong (born 12 February 1986) is a Paralympic boccia player of South Korea.
At the 2008 Summer Paralympics he won a bronze in individual - BC3 and shared a gold for pairs - BC3.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London he won a silver medal in the individual event.Banjar Al-Dosari
Banjar Mohammed Al Dosari (born 8 August 1981) is a Qatari football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Al Dosari was a FIFA referee from 2008 to 2016.
He has served as a referee at competitions including the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, beginning with the preliminary-round match between Palestine and Afghanistan.Liu Kwok Man
Liu Kwok Man (born 1 July 1978) is a football referee from Hong Kong who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
He also refereed at the regional league such as 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Sponsor Thai Premier League the big match Chonburi vs SCG Muangthong United, AFC Champions League, AFC Cup and 2012 AFC U-19 Championship.Barry Railway Class E
Barry Railway Class E were 0-6-0T steam tank engines of the Barry Railway in South Wales.
They were designed by J. H. Hosgood and built by Hudswell Clarke.
The locomotive was designed for light shunting duties at the docks.
Their small size made them particularly suited to shunting on the Barry Island Breakwater.
Access to the breakwater was via a rough hewn tunnel whose dimensions and sharp curves made it impossible for the other locomotives to negotiate a way through.
After their initial use as shunting locomotives, they took on passenger duties on the Vale of Glamorgan Railway.
Two sets of two coaches were prepared for the role.
They comprised a four-wheeled 1888 composite coach and a six-wheeled 1895 brake third which were close coupled.
They were known as ‘Motor Sets’.
At one end of the brake third was a driver’s compartment which, unusually, did not have regulator equipment to control the locomotive fitted.
Instead a bell system was installed so that the driver could send instructions to the fireman in the locomotive.
The controls available in the driver’s compartment were a brake and whistle controls which were operated by wires that ran along the top of the coaches and were attached to pulleys located on the dome and cab roof.
The E Class operated with one set as a push-pull unit or with both sets located either side of the engine.
This arrangement was used mainly on trains between Barry and Llantwit Major.
However, when John Auld was appointed as Locomotive Superintendent in 1909, he did not favour the push-pull arrangement and subsequently ordered that trains should revert to running the engine around the train at the end of its journey.
The locomotives passed to the Great Western Railway in 1922 and 2 passed to British Railways in 1947.
All were withdrawn between 1932 and 1949.
None have been preserved.Maurice Johnson (English politician)
Maurice Johnson (ca.
1480–1551) was MP for Stamford and a prominent member of society in Stamford, Lincolnshire in the 16th century, serving in three consecutive parliaments of England.
Born about 1480, Johnson served as Constable of Stamford from 1507–1508, as Chamberlain from 1508–1509, as a member of the Second Twelve from 1508–1512, a member of the First Twelve from 1512 until his death, and as Alderman (Mayor) from 1517–1518, 1527–1528, and 1538–1539.
He served in three parliaments, being returned in 1523, 1529 and 1536.
A dyer by trade, Johnson was married to Jane Lacy, daughter of Henry Lacy who also served in the parliament of 1536.
After his death in 1551 he was buried at All Hallows, Stamford.
Johnson's youngest son Robert (1540–1625) became Canon of Windsor in 1572 and Archdeacon of Leicester in 1591.Yaseen Vallie
Mohammad Yaseen Vallie, or otherwise known as Yaseen Vallie (born 30 July 1989) is a South African cricketer who plays for the Warriors.
Vallie was selected to play for South Africa in the 2008 U-19 Cricket World Cup as an all-rounder.
He took 5 wickets in the six matches he played in, as well as scoring 54 runs at a meager average of 13.50.
Vallie signed up with the Western Province soon after the 2008 U-19 Cricket World Cup and made an impression as a reliable right-handed batsman as well as a partnership-breaking off-spin bowler.
However, Vallie had not received a contract from the Cape Cobras yet, and was thinking about moving to another place where he would be able to enhance his cricket abilities by getting more opportunities to play so he could further his career as a professional cricketer.
Vallie was called up to represent the Cape Cobras in a match against the Titans in a Sunfoil Cup match in 2011 and scored 167 before being bowled by Albie Morkel.
Vallie received a contract from the Cobras at the start of the 2012–13 season.
In August 2017, he was named in Bloem City Blazers' squad for the first season of the T20 Global League.
However, in October 2017, Cricket South Africa initially postponed the tournament until November 2018, with it being cancelled soon after.
In August 2018, he was named in Border's squad for the 2018 Africa T20 Cup.Zoltán Farkas (politician)
Zoltán Farkas (born November 7, 1963) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Szeghalom (Békés County Constituency IV) from 2010 to 2014.
He joined Fidesz in 1998.
Farkas was a member of the Defence and Internal Security Committee between May 17, 2010 and May 5, 2014.Zoltán Farkas
Zoltán Farkas may refer to:Charles S. Foos Elementary School
Charles S. Foos Elementary School, also known as Douglass and Weiser School, is a historic elementary school building located at Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
It was built in 1903 and was expanded and renovated in 1912.
A small addition was built in 1921.
It was originally in the Romanesque Revival style, but transformed to the Classical Revival style with the renovations.
The "C"-shaped brick building contains 21 classrooms and an auditorium that seats over 200.
The school closed in 1979.
Part of the very large school building is now a nursery school, and part condominiums.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It is located in the Queen Anne Historic District.Lampasse
Lampasse(s) () are in a large number of national armed forces "trouser stripes".
In German speaking countries as General Staff–qualified officers, their uniform featured these distinctive double-wide lampasses.
Because of the similar spelling, it should not be mixed up with the Lampas () which is of different meaning.
The lampasses of the General Staff–qualified officers up to colonel were in carmine.
However general uniforms featured lampasses in corps colour (), e.g.
Air Force in Skyblue.
For general officers of the German Bundeswehr the tradition to use "lampasses" was given up in 1956.
However, general officers of the National People's Army, Volkspolizei and Stasi, as well as flag officers of the Volksmarine wore "double-wide lampasses" on uniform trousers in the appropriate corps colour until 1990.
In Germany today the general officers of the "Bundespolizei" wear double-wide Lampasses in deep green.
"Lampasses" are worn even today in a large number of national armed forces on dress uniform, full dress uniform, or duty uniform of general officers.
The gold-coloured "lampasses" of the US-Cavalry is also well known.Open de Touraine
The Open Engie de Touraine (previously known as the Open GDF Suez de Touraine) is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on indoor hard courts.
The event is classified as a $25,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament and has been held in Joué-lès-Tours, France, since 2005.
From 2005 till 2016, the event was a $50,000 tournament.Arnošt Hložek
Arnošt Hložek (11 December 1929 in Bratislava – 19 December 2013), also called Ernst Hložek, was a Slovak football coach and player.
He played for Slovan Bratislava and Inter Bratislava.
He coached Inter Bratislava, Dukla Banská Bystrica, MŠK Žilina, First Vienna, Rapid Wien, Sparta Prague, TTS Trenčín, Wiener Sport-Club, LASK Linz and SC Zwettl.1993 Nehru Cup
1993 Nehru Cup was held in Madras at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.
This was the 10th edition of the Nehru Cup.
The participating teams were North Korea, Russia, Finland, Bolivia, Cameroon, and India.
North Korea won the cup.Bally B-17
The Bally B-17 is a one third scale, single seat, homebuilt aircraft, intended as a replica of the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress.
The Bally B-17 is an original design by Jack Bally.
The aircraft is a four-engined, retractable conventional landing gear equipped, low wing monoplane.
The fuselage is all riveted aluminum in construction with hexagonal bulkheads.
The drawings were modified from a one ninth scale set of radio-controlled aircraft plans.
Despite being a scale replica, the aircraft is relatively large for a homebuilt aircraft with wingspan.
Most homebuilt aircraft are single engine designs with a few twin engine models produced, making the four engined homebuilt a rarity in itself.Lucius Hedius Rufus Lollianus Avitus (consul 144)
Lucius Hedius Rufus Lollianus Avitus (fl.
2nd century) was a Roman senator and military officer.
He was consul in the year 144 as the colleague of Titus Statilius Maximus.
He is known entirely from inscriptions.
Rufus Lollianus was a member of the "gens Hedia Lolliana", which probably originated from the region of Liguria.
He was the son of Lucius (Hedius Rufus) Lollianus Avitus, who was appointed suffect consul in AD 114.
A noted orator, he was elected to the office of consul in AD 144 alongside Titus Statilius Maximus.
This was followed by his appointment as "curator operum publicorum" (or curator of public works) in AD 146.
Probably in around AD 157/8 Rufus Lollianus was appointed the Proconsular governor of Africa.
During his next appointment as "Legatus Augusti pro praetore" (or imperial governor) of Bithynia et Pontus in AD 159, he was confronted by Lucian about prosecuting Alexander of Abonoteichus; Rufus Lollianus demurred, claiming not only was Lucian's case weak, but that Alexander's patron, Publius Mummius Sisenna Rutilianus, was too influential to overcome.
Around AD 162, he was assigned a special task when the emperor Lucius Aurelius Verus left for the Parthian campaign.
Rufus Lollianus was a "patronus" of Helvius Successus, the father of the future emperor Pertinax.
He was also an "amicus" of Marcus Cornelius Fronto.
Rufus Lollianus was married to a daughter of Decimus Terentius Gentianus, suffect consul of AD 116, and they had at least two children, Quintus Hedius Rufus Lollianus Gentianus, suffect consul around AD 186-188, and Lucius Hedius Rufus Lollianus, suffect consul before AD 193.Dale Olson
Dale C. Olson (February 20, 1934 – August 9, 2012) was an American writer and publicist who represented prominent actors and films directors during his career, and an early gay rights activist.
In 1954, he became the first man to appear on television in the United States and self-identify as homosexual, albeit using a pseudonym with his face obscured.
He served on the public relations coordinating and executive committee for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for twenty years, including three years as the committee's chairman.
Beginning in the 1970s he spearheaded and launched film publicity campaigns.
Olson was born in Fargo, North Dakota, and lived in Portland, Oregon.
He worked as a newspaper reporter as a teenager.
One of his earliest interviews was with actress Mae West.
Olson moved to Los Angeles in 1951 and became the first national secretary for the Mattachine Society, one of the first organizations of homosexual men.
In 1954, using the pseudonym "Curtis White" and with his face blurred, he appeared on "Confidential File", a local "tabloid"-style television program hosted by Paul Coates, in an episode titled “Homosexuals and the Problems They Present”.
In a segment called “The Sex Variant in Southern California”, "Curtis White" acknowledged that he was homosexual and stated that he "didn't consider himself abnormal" and would not want to be "cured".
Despite the measures to obscure his identity, he was recognized by his boss when it aired and fired the next day, as he had predicted in the program.
When questioned about why he would run that risk, he stated, "I think that this way I can be a little useful to someone besides myself."
This has been cited as the first television appearance of an openly gay man.
He worked as a reporter and writer for "The Hollywood Reporter" and "Variety" during his early career.
Olson co-founded the Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle as a staff member at "Variety".
In the 1960s, Olson joined the staff of Rogers & Cowan, a Los Angeles public relations firm, where he remained for eighteen years.
He eventually became the head of Rogers & Cowan's film division.
Olson left the company in 1985 to open his own publicity company.
He became the spokesperson for Rock Hudson in 1985 during the actor's battle with AIDS.
Olson persuaded Hudson to publicly acknowledge that he had the disease, becoming one of the first celebrities to do so.
In addition to representing actors and other figures, Olson also worked on the campaigns for major Hollywood films.
He launched the publicity campaigns for several Hollywood film franchises during the 1970s, including "Rambo", "Halloween", "Rocky", and "Superman".
He also headed the Academy Award campaigns for many films, notably "Terms of Endearment" in 1983, "American Beauty" in 1999, and Gladiator in 2000.
The Actors Fund of America named the lobby of its Los Angeles headquarters in honor of Olson and his partner Eugene Harbin, in November 2004.
Actress Shirley MacLaine presented Olson with the Actors Fund Medal of Honor, the organization's highest honor, on July 12, 2012.
Olson died of liver cancer at a nursing home in Burbank, California, on August 9, 2012, at the age of 78.
He was survived by his partner of thirty years and husband of four, publicist Eugene Harbin.Dahiyat Qudsaya
Dahiyat Qudsaya () is a modern suburb adjacent to the town of Qudsaya and just north of the Mezzeh district of Damascus in Syria.
The village is administratively part of the Qudsaya District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate in southern Syria.
Nearby localities include al-Hamah to the north, and the affluent suburbs of al-Sabboura and Yaafour to the west.
According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Dahiyat Qudsaya had a population of 9,500 in the 2004 census.Kim Jong-hyeok
Kim Jong-hyeok (born 31 March 1983) is a South Korean football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Kim became a FIFA referee in 2009.
He also refereed in 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, beginning with the opening-round match between Mongolia and Myanmar.Ali Sabbagh
Ali Sabbagh (Arabic: علي صباغ; born 30 June 1979) is a Lebanese football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA since 2008.
He also refereed in 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, beginning with the match between Nepal and Timor-Leste.
Ali Sabbagh has been sentenced to six months in jail by a Singapore court on 10 June 2013, after pleading guilty to influencing two linesmen to help fix an AFC Cup match which took place on 3 April 2013.
He and the two linesmen “corruptly receiving gratification in the form of free sexual service,” arranged by Singaporean businessman Eric Ding Si Yang.
Ali Sabbagh received a lifetime ban from FIFA for agreeing to fix an April 2013 match in Singapore in exchange for sexual favors.
The Asian Football Confederation has also banned Sabbagh from refereeing and attending stadiums.Galal Amin
Galal Ahmad Amin (1935 – 25 September 2018) was an Egyptian economist and commentator, professor of economics at the American University in Cairo.
He was critical of the economic and cultural dependency of Egypt upon the West.
Amin was born in Egypt in 1935, the son of judge and academic Ahmad Amin.
Hussein Ahmad Amin, an Egyptian writer and diplomat, was his brother.
Amin studied at Cairo University, graduating LL.B.
in 1955 before studying for diplomas in economics and public law.
Receiving a government grant to study in Britain, Amin gained a M.S.
(1961) and Ph.D. (1964) in economics from London School of Economics.
From 1964 to 1974 he taught economics at Ain Shams University, also working as economic advisor for the Kuwait Fund for Economic Development from 1969 to 1974.
After a year's teaching at UCLA in 1978–1979, Amin joined The American University in Cairo.
He died on 25 September 2018.Yadollah Jahanbazi
Yadollah Jahanbazi (born 24 March 1973 in Junqan) is an Iranian football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Jahanbazi has officiated international matches during the period from 2009 to 2011, but he was no longer included on the FIFA list as of 2013.
He has served as a referee at competitions including the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, beginning with the opening-round match between Cambodia and Laos.Partly paid share
A partly paid share is a share in a company which has only partial been paid compared to the par value, with the understanding that as the company requires more funds, calls will be made from time to time until the shares are fully paid, when no further calls can be made.
The amounts may be specified in the prospectus or unspecified and the shareholder is liable when a call is made by the company until the shares are fully paid.
In the early 20th century partly paid shares were sometimes issued by companies such as banks and insurance companies as they could call on their shareholders for further funds as necessary.
This was good for the financial institution as they could quickly increase their capital when required but was unpopular with shareholders as they had an unknown liability that could be called upon at any time and for this reason the practice largely died out.
The practice was revised during the 1980s privatisations to attract more small shareholders.
Shareholders in these IPOs make an initial payment, in effect a deposit, and then one or more subsequent pre-specified payments on specific dates.
Calls on partly paid shares may be made in accordance with a schedule of calls set out in the company's original prospectus or it may be made at the discretion of the directors.
When a call is made, each shareholder affected by the call becomes a debtor of the company, until each debt has been satisfied.
The usual rules of debt collections apply to such debts.
The obligation to pay a call flows with the share, so that it falls on the person who is the owner of the relevant shares at the time a call is made.
The obligation falls on the owner at the time of a call, who may have disposed of the shares by the time payment is due, so that the new owner is free of the obligation to pay the call.
For a limited liability company, the legal right of the company to make calls and the obligation to pay them ceases when shares become fully paid.
In Australia, a mining exploration company may be formed as a no liability company, which is not able to make calls on shares, even on partly paid shares.Mohammad Abu Loum
Mohammad Abu Loum (born 28 October 1973) is a Jordanian football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Abu Loum became a FIFA referee in 2005.
He has served as a referee in competitions including the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, beginning with the opening-round match between Bangladesh and Pakistan.Baba Mohammadi
Baba Mohammadi (born February 14, 1991) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Paykan in the Iran's Premier Football League.
Mohammadi started his career with Paykan at youth level.
In the Summer of 2012 he was moved to first team by the coach Abdollah Veisi.
He made his debut against Gahar.
He is invited to Iran U-22 by Alireza Mansourian.Nasser Darwish
Nasser Darwish is a Jordanian football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
He also refereed at the regional league such as 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, AFC Cup, West Asian Football Federation Championship.Moreton Bay Tramway Company
The Moreton Bay Tramroad Company was a private enterprise attempt to establish railways in the new colony of Queensland.
It was stillborn.
It had been proposed to fund it as a Land Grant Railway.
The tramway was intended to be operated by horses.
The later railway along the route of the tramway has ruling gradients of 1 in 50.
This might be rather steep for horse operation.
The Tramway company is sometimes called a Tramroad.
The three are:Tereza Mrdeža
Tereza Mrdeža (born 14 November 1990) is a Croatian tennis player.
She has won eight singles titles and four doubles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit.
On 12 October 2015, she reached her best singles ranking of world No.
150.
On 23 April 2018, she peaked at No.
163 in the doubles rankings.
Playing for Croatia at the Fed Cup, Mrdeža has a win–loss record of 5–4.Tayeb Shamsuzzaman
Hasan Tayeb Shamsuzzaman (born 9 January 1970) is a Bangladeshi football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Shamsuzzaman became a FIFA referee in 1999.
He served as a referee at the 2002, 2010, and 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, in addition to the AFC Champions League and West Asian Football Federation Championship.
He also works as a sports teacher at Satkhira Day-Night CollegeKadhum Auda
Kadhum Auda Lazim (born 7 May 1966) is an Iraqi football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
He also refereed at the regional league such as 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.Mulford Winsor
Mulford Winsor (May 31, 1874 – November 5, 1956) was an American newspaperman and politician active in Arizona.
Winsor was born in Jewell, Kansas on May 31, 1874.
His father, editor of the "Jewell City Republican", began teaching him the newspaper business when he was seven years old.
His family moved to Fort Smith, Arkansas in 1885 where Winsor attended high school and became a journeyman printer.
In 1892, Winsor relocated to Prescott, Arizona Territory.
Over the next two years he moved around the territory, working at a variety of newspapers, before settling in Yuma.
There, in 1896, he founded the "Yuma Sun".
The same year he began farming dates.
He maintained his farming interests until his death although many years he hired others to oversee his operations.
Upon his arrival in Arizona, Winsor became active in the Democratic party and an outspoken advocate of progressive politics.
In 1900, he became County Assessor of Yuma County.
The next year he served as Assistant Chief Clerk of the Territorial House of Representatives for the 21st Arizona Territorial Legislature, a position he later served during the 23rd Arizona Territorial Legislature.
In 1901 he also moved to Tucson and became copublisher of the "Tucson Citizen".
Winsor left for Phoenix in 1903 where he worked at the "Phoenix Enterprise".
In 1905, Winsor returned to Yuma and founded the "Morning Sun".
Two years later he moved to Globe where he edited the "Daily Globe" until July 1910.
While at the "Daily Globe", Winsor wrote the first editorials in the territory supporting initiative, referendum and reform.
In 1909, Winsor was Acting Secretary of the Territorial Council during the 25th Arizona Territorial Legislature.
During the session he proposed the legislature create the office of territorial historian.
Following passage of the legislation, in March 1909, he was appointed to be the first territorial historian by Governor Joseph Henry Kibbey.
Winsor was elected to represent Yuma County in Arizona's 1910 constitutional convention.
During the convention he was selected to be Chairman of the Committee on Legislative Departments.
Additionally he assisted the Committee on Style, Revision, and Compilation with the final wording of the produced document.
During a 1911 special election, Winsor ran for Arizona's upcoming seat in the U.S. House of Representatives but lost to Carl Hayden during the primary election.
After Arizona achieved statehood in 1912, Winsor served briefly as secretary to Governor George W. P. Hunt before being appointed Chairman of the State Land Commission.
In 1915, Winsor was elected to represent Yuma County in the Arizona State Senate.
He served two two-year terms before making an unsuccessful run to be elected governor in 1920.
Winsor returned to the Arizona State Senate in 1922, serving three more terms.
During his final five years in the legislature,from 1923 to 1928, he served as President of the Senate.
During his time in the Senate he gained a reputation as one of Arizona's most important and influential law makers.
One of the issues of greatest concern to Winsor was apportionment of water from the Colorado River.
Toward this concern he was appointed to the Arizona Colorado River Commission from 1927 to 1928.
After leaving the legislature, Winsor was appointed State Librarian and Director of the Department of Library and Archives in 1932.
He held that position until his death in Phoenix on November 5, 1956.
Winsor was buried in Yuma.Mehdi Tahiri
Mehdi Tahiri (born 28 July 1977) is a retired Moroccan tennis player.
Tahiri represented Morocco in the Davis Cup in several years from 1993 to 2006.Babbila
Babbila (, also spelled Bebbila) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located on the southern outskirts of Damascus to the east of the Yarmouk Camp.
Nearby localities include al-Hajar al-Aswad, Jaramana, Sayyidah Zaynab, al-Sabinah and Yalda.
According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Babbila had a population of 50,880 in the 2004 census.
The town is also the administrative center of the Babbila "nahiyah" consisting of 13 towns and villages with a combined population of 341,625.Dmitriy Mashentsev
Dmitriy Mashentsev (born 1 May 1976) is a Kyrgyz football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
He also refereed at the regional league such as 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.Mr. Len
Mr. Len (Leonard "Lenny" Smythe) is a hip hop DJ born in the Bronx, New York.
He grew up in Hillside, NJ.
He was a member, with Bigg Jus and El-P, of the underground hip hop trio Company Flow, which disbanded in the late 1990s.
His debut full-length, released on Matador Records in 2001, included guest spots by Jean Grae, Chubb Rock, and Mr. Live.
Later he formed a group with Kimani Rogers from The Masterminds named Roosevelt Franklin.
He also collaborated with Handsome Boy Modeling School member Prince Paul to produce the faux-doo wop group The Dix.1980 Summer Olympics national flag bearers
During the Parade of Nations portion of the 1980 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, athletes from each country participating in the Olympics paraded in the arena, preceded by their flag.
The flag was borne by a sportsperson from that country chosen either by the National Olympic Committee or by the athletes themselves to represent their country.
Notable flag bearers included triple jumper and Olympic bronze medalist João Carlos de Oliveira (Brazil), heavyweight boxer and two-time Olympic gold medalist Teofilo Stevenson (Cuba), sprinter and defending Olympic champion Hasely Crawford (Trinidad and Tobago), hurdler and former Olympic champion John Akii-Bua (Uganda), and middle-distance runner Miruts Yifter (Ethiopia).
In partial support to the United States boycott, sixteen countries marched into the Olympic stadium under the Olympic flag.
Seven of them, however, did not attend the opening ceremonies, their Olympic flags were instead carried by Moscow Olympic Committee volunteers.
Two other countries (Great Britain and Ireland) paraded into the Stadium only with their officials, while four of them participated under the Olympic flag with their athletes.
New Zealand, Portugal, and Spain, on the other hand, participated at the Games under their NOC flags.Kübra Öçsoy Korkut
Kübra Öçsoy Korkut, aka Kübra Korkut, (born Kübra Öçsoy on 20 January 1994 in Sorgun, Yozgat Province, Turkey) is a Turkish female para table tennis player of class 7 and Paralympian.
She lost one arm and both legs due to injuries sustained from an electric shock accident, which occurred as she was four years old.
Since her age of eight, Korkut has prosthesis in her legs.
Encouraged by her teachers, she began para table tennis playing.
Korkut took part at the 2012 Summer Paralympics competing in the women's individual class 7 event, at which she became 4th after losing 1–3 to her opponent from Ukraine in the bronze medal match.
Furthermore, she was part of the Turkish team with her teammate Neslihan Kavas, who became silver medalist in the women's team class 6–10 event after losing to the Chinese team in the final.
She captured the silver medal in the individual C7 event at the 2016 Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.Salah Abbas Alabbasi
Salah Mohamed Noor Shaikh Abbas Alabbasi (born 20 June 1971) is a Bahraini football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Alabbasi became a FIFA referee in 2009.
He has served as a referee in competitions including the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, beginning with the preliminary-round match between Palestine and Thailand.Magic, Witchcraft and the Otherworld
Magic, Witchcraft and the Otherworld: An Anthropology is an anthropological study of contemporary Pagan and ceremonial magic groups that practiced magic in London, England during the 1990s.
It was written by English anthropologist Susan Greenwood based upon her doctoral research undertaken at Goldsmiths' College, a part of the University of London, and first published in 2000 by Berg Publishers.
Greenwood became involved in the esoteric movement during the 1980s as a practitioner of a feminist form of Wicca.
Devoting her doctorate to the subject, her research led her to join Kabbalistic orders and two Wiccan covens, during which she emphasised that she was both an "insider" (a practising occultist) and an "outsider" (an anthropological observer).
Reacting against the work of Tanya Luhrmann, who had authored the primary anthropological study of the London occult scene, "Persuasions of the Witch's Craft" (1989), Greenwood argued against studying magical beliefs from a western rationalist perspective, instead adopting a theoretical approach informed by phenomenology and relativism.
Greenwood's research focused on Pagan and magical conceptions of the "otherworld".
The book's first chapter summarises the Pagan magical conception of the otherworld, and subsequent chapters detail Greenwood's experiences with Kabbalistic magic and Wicca.
The work goes on to discuss issues of psychotherapy and healing, gender and sexuality, and morality and ethics within London's esoteric community, and the manner in which the community's members' views on these issues are influenced by their beliefs regarding an otherworld.
"Magic, Witchcraft and the Otherworld" was reviewed by various figures involved in both academia and the Pagan community including Douglas Ezzy and Phil Hine.
Greenwood herself would go on to author several other books on the relationship between magic and anthropology.
Prior to Greenwood's work, several academic researchers working in the field of Pagan studies had published investigations of the Pagan community in the United States and the United Kingdom.
First among these was the practicing Wiccan, journalist and political activist Margot Adler in her "Drawing Down the Moon: Witches, Druids, Goddess-Worshippers, and Other Pagans in America Today", published by Viking Press in 1979.
A second study was produced by anthropologist Tanya M. Luhrmann in "Persuasions of the Witch's Craft: Ritual Magic in Contemporary England" (1989), in which she focused on a Wiccan coven and several ceremonial magic orders based in London.
Sociologist Allen Scarboro, psychologist Nancy Campbell and Wiccan literary critic Shirley Stave undertook fieldwork in the Ravenwood coven of Atlanta, Georgia, over several months across 1990 and 1991 as the basis for "Living Witchcraft: A Contemporary American Coven", published by Praeger in 1994, while anthropologist and Wiccan Loretta Orion investigated the Pagan movement in the East Coast and Midwest of the U.S. for "Never Again the Burning Times: Paganism Revisited", published by Waveland Press in 1995.
1997 saw the publication of "Witchcraft and Paganism in Australia", authored by anthropologist Lynne Hume.
As a child, Greenwood had found a greater spiritual connection with the natural world than with organised religion.
During the late 1970s, she embraced second-wave feminism and came across feminist forms of Pagan Witchcraft through Starhawk's "" (1982).
Attracted to this new religious movement, she undertook an undergraduate degree in anthropology and sociology at Goldsmiths' College, where her final year research project focused on women's spirituality.
Exploring the topic in further depth, she devoted a PhD to the subject, thereby conducting the research underpinning "Magic, Witchcraft and the Otherworld".
Although initially planning to gather data through formal taped interviews with participants, she rejected this method, believing it solidified her "outsider" status among the subculture she was studying.
Instead, her data was collected through informal conversations with practitioners, during which she tried to make clear that she was an anthropologist and would use their comments in her work.
Over the course of her research, Greenwood gained many friends within the city's Pagan community, and became sexually and emotionally attached to one magician.
Greenwood's research was funded using grants from the University of London Central Research Fund and from the Economic and Social Research Council.
She devoted the published work to her children, Adrian and Lauren.
Chapter one describes contemporary Paganism and defines "the otherworld".
It discusses London's magical and Pagan subculture in the 1990s, and Greenwood's relationship with it.
Admitting to being an "insider", she explores her mixed feelings at being both a practicing Pagan and an anthropological observer.
The second chapter examines the community's conceptions of the otherworld, explaining how they approach it through acts of visualisation and altered states of consciousness and their understandings of it as a realm of spiritual energy connected to dreams and the imagination.
Discussing the relationship between anthropology and magic, Greenwood argues that it is impossible for anthropologists to truly understand beliefs regarding magic and the otherworld if they only view it through a western rationalist lens, instead arguing for a phenomenological or relativist perspective that accepts alternative views of the world.
In her third chapter, Greenwood examines her experiences among London's ceremonial magicians, focusing on her training in the Hermetic Qabalah, a "magical language" for exploring the otherworld.
Adopting Luhrmann's concept of "interpretative drift", she relates how she shifted her understanding of events to make sense of her magical experiences.
However, in contrast to Luhrmann's emphasis on how practitioners overcame their initial scepticism, Greenwood focuses on how these practitioners learn "the language of another mode of reality" through their experiences.
Chapter four details Greenwood's early involvement in Wicca, through three separate covens.
Offering her thoughts on Wiccan invocations, she then discusses the faith's approach to sexual polarity, pointing to the sexual underpinnings of the Great Rite and the Gnostic Mass as evidence.
The chapter is rounded off with an explanation of how Wicca understands the natural world and a comparison between the religion and ceremonial magic.
Chapter five examines the attraction of magic for its practitioners, and its uses for psychotherapy and healing.
Greenwood explores the ways in which occultists use magic as a rebellion against Christianity, and their construction of a "magical identity", believing this to be "organized around a deep internal exploration of the self through an interaction with the otherworld".
She also looks at magic and the acquisition of power, and the sense of empowerment discovered by magicians who were former abuse victims.
The sixth chapter focuses on notions of gender and sexuality, highlighting the widespread belief that sexual energy provides the power behind magic and discussing the contrasting views of Dion Fortune and Aleister Crowley on this issue; the former emphasised harmony and balance between "masculine" and "feminine" magical forces, while the latter advocated "magical anarchy" or spiritual autonomy for each individual, irrespective of gender.
Greenwood looks at contrasting views on these issues in High Magic (ceremonial magic), Wicca and Feminist Witchcraft.
Drawing upon the typologies advocated by sociologist of religion Susan J. Palmer, she argues that High Magic emphasises "sex polarity", a situation in which men and women are seen as unequal and different, whereas Wicca holds to a position of "sex complementarity", in which men and women are seen as different yet equal, and Feminist Witchcraft advocates "sex unity", in which there is a tolerance of sexual ambiguity.
Chapter seven deals with conceptions of morality and ethics, arguing that whereas High Magic typically envisions a dualistic world view of good versus evil, Wicca adheres to a monistic worldview in which malevolence and benevolence are seen as intrinsic parts of the whole.
Disagreeing with Luhrmann's view that morality's place in the occult is to hide the pseudo-scientific nature of magic, Greenwood discusses how magic and witchcraft developed in Europe as a part of moral discourse.
She looks at the internal source of morality in High Magic, explaining concepts such as that of the Qliphoth, before examining the internal source of morality in Wicca and Feminist Witchcraft.
Greenwood states that western esotericists have a holistic, animistic view of cosmology, considering the universe to be alive and interconnected with spiritual energies.
According to such beliefs, many of these energies operate in "a time and space distinct from, but also very closely connected to, everyday reality", and it is this area that is termed the "otherworld" in Pagan discourse.
She relates that western esotericists believe in forces who inhabit this otherworld, and who are personalized as deities, animal guides, or spirit beings.
She furthermore states that these individuals see themselves as microcosms of the universal macrocosm.
Greenwood highlights the practitioners' belief that they can interact with this otherworld and the entities which inhabit it through rituals that facilitate their own altered states of consciousness.
She notes that western magicians make use of mythology as a form of "cognitive map" to "structure their otherworldy experience".
She also notes that this otherworld is closely linked to dreams and the imagination in western magical belief.
Greenwood argues that the academic discipline of anthropology, being a product of the western rationalism developed during the Age of Enlightenment, is innately skeptical of claims for the existence of magic or an otherworld, either among non-western cultures or western subcultures.
In contrast to this attitude, she notes that anthropology is the discipline which first pointed out that "reality is culturally constructed" and that there are "multiple ways of experiencing the world", including those which conceive of an otherworld existing alongside our own reality.
For this reason, she argues that anthropologists wishing to understand a society that believes in and practices magic must first tentatively accept the existence of an otherworld, claiming that "it is inappropriate to use methods developed for the study of everyday reality to analyse the magical otherworld."
Greenwood's text was reviewed by Patric V. Giesler of Gustavus Adolphus College for peer-reviewed academic journal "American Ethnologist".
Giesler describes Greenwood's work as "provocative", noting that it represents a "native's account" of Paganism, with Greenwood being "a native gone anthropologist."
He characterises Greenwood's experiences as religious or spiritual rather than magical, because none of the practices that she described involved manipulating beings or forces for an instrumental end; the classic definition of magic.
Unconvinced by her argument that practitioner's notions of identity, gender and morality derived from their encounter with the otherworld, he considers other sources for such notions, but otherwise recommended the book.
The book was also reviewed by religious studies scholar Michael York of Bath Spa University for the "Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion".
Labelling it an "enormously engaging, provocative, and rich book", he notes that readers may wish that Greenwood had more explicitly presented "the antipatriarchal assumptions and their shortcomings" of Feminist Witchcraft.
Comparing it with Luhrmann's "Persuasions of the Witch's Craft", York comments that it is a "discerningly astute, nonretreating, thoroughly enjoyable, and highly recommended work."
Sarah M. Pike of the California State University, Chico reviewed the book for "Culture and Religion: An Interdisciplinary Journal", describing it as an "accessible and personal account".
Believing that it made an "important contribution" to Pagan studies and the anthropological study of magic, she nevertheless thought that Greenwood's subjective attitude was the book's shortcoming as well as its strength.
Pike finds problems in Greenwood's insider-outsider status, believing that it has not been sufficiently theorised, and that Greenwood was unaware of her own bias in favour of Feminist Witchcraft, which in turn affects her interpretation of other forms of Wicca and ceremonial magic.
She also critiques the book's lack of commentary or detailed analysis, complaining that many subsections lack conclusions.
Anthropologist Galina Lindquist of the University of Stockholm published a review in "The Australian Journal of Anthropology", referring to "Magic, Witchcraft and the Otherworld" as "a welcome contribution" containing "valuable" ethnographic material.
Noting that it joins the work of anthropologists like Jeanne Favret-Saada, Paul Stoller, and E. Turner, Lindquist praises the manner in which Greenwood put contemporary practices into historical perspective, and how she illuminates the "strains and contradictions" within the magical milieu.
She believes that Greenwood's arguments would have been strengthened had she made use of a more in-depth ethnographic study of magical morality, and considers it unfortunate that Greenwood had not touched on ritual studies.
Greenwood's work was independently reviewed by two separate individuals in "The Pomegranate: A New Journal of Neopagan Thought" – then a scholarly but not yet academic publication.
The first reviewer, Daniel Cohen of "Wood and Water" magazine, praises Greenwood's theoretical approach, claiming that she had been "braver" than Luhrmann in maintaining a "creative tension" as both an insider and outsider.
Asserting that Greenwood's use of anthropological terminology made for "hard reading", he suspects that her use of the word "magician" would jar with many Pagans who would disagree with the manner in which she used it.
In conclusion, he recommends it as a "valuable but inexpensive book".
"The Pomegranate"'s second review came from Pagan studies scholar Douglas Ezzy of the University of Tasmania, who praises Greenwood's research, theoretical approach and style of writing.
He notes that her "truly ground breaking" approach in taking spiritual experiences seriously had "fascinated and thrilled" him, asserting that her work builds on the pioneering edited collection "Being Changed" by Jean-Guy Goulet and David E. Young.
Noting that "Magic, Witchcraft and the Otherworld" was "sometimes provocative", he disagrees with some of Greenwood's conclusions, but highlights that her arguments had made him think about these issues "in much sharper focus."
Reviewing it for his own website, prominent chaos magician Phil Hine described Greenwood's work as "fascinating", arguing that it should interest students of anthropology as well as practising occultists.
He praises the author's descriptions of her own experiences within esoteric groups, and the manner in which she highlighted the power struggles that take place within them, before recommending it as "an engaging and thought-provoking read".Family of Demetrius II of Georgia
The family of Demetrius II of Georgia was part of the Bagrationi dynasty of the Kingdom of Georgia.
Demetrius II (Demetre, or Dimitri; ) was a king of Georgia, reigning from 1270 until his execution by the Mongol Ilkhans in 1289.
He was a son of David VII of Georgia by his third wife Gvantsa Kakhaberidze.
Demetrius, although a Christian, was polygamous, with three wives, and was survived by nine children, of whom three subsequently ruled as kings of Georgia.
Demetrius, born in 1259, was the second son and third child of King David VII.
His mother was David's third wife Gvantsa née Kakhaberidze.
He was only 3 or 4 years old when Gvantsa was put to death by the Mongols as a reaction to David's abortive rebellion against the Ilkhan hegemony.
David himself died in 1270.
Demetrius had an elder half-brother George, an heir apparent, who died before his father's death in 1268, and an elder half-sister Tamar, whom Demetrius subsequently married off, with great reluctance, to a son of the Mongol official Arghun-Agha.
On Arghun's death, Tamar, who despised her marriage, capitalized on her husband's departure from Tbilisi and fled to the mountains of Mtiuleti.
She was eventually delivered by Demetrius' powerful minister Sadun Mankaberdeli, a polygamous, who wed her through the intercession of the Ilkhan Abaqa.
The anonymous 14th-century "Chronicle of a Hundred Years", part of the Georgian Chronicles, states that Demetrius, previously a pious Christian, allowed himself to come under the influence of the Mongol "bad habits".
The young king enjoyed, to the dismay of the Georgian catholicos Nicholas III, no less than three wives, his polygamy becoming the occasion of that prelate's abdication in 1282.
At the time of Demetrius' death at the hand of the Mongols in 1289, all three of his wives, as well as their children, were alive.
The first of Demetrius' wives was a Trapezuntine princess, whom he married c. 1273–1274 or 1277.
Her name and parentage are not recorded in the medieval sources.
She might have been a daughter of the emperor Manuel I of Trebizond by his wife Irene Syrikaina, and was probably called Theodora or Irene.
In contrast to Demetrius' other wives, she is invariably referred to by the medieval chronicler as "the queen", indicating that she enjoyed the status of the king's principal consort.
By this woman, Demetrius had four sons, David VIII, Vakhtang III, Lasha, and Manuel, and a daughter named Rusudan.
After Demetrius' demise, the Ilkhan Arghun assigned the valley of Skoreti near Tbilisi for the support of the Georgian queen, who kept by her her two young sons, Manuel and Lasha.
In 1298, she was part of negotiations with the Mongol general Kutlushah sent by the Ilkhan Arghun against her son David VIII.
Of the children of this marriage, David VIII succeeded his cousin Vakhtang II as king of Georgia in 1292, but continued as a co-king with his younger brother Vakhtang III (r. 1301–1307) and his own son, George VI the Little (r. 1307–1318), until his death in 1310.
Manuel is known from the Georgian annals to have been involved in the mission to Kutlushah in 1298.
He was married to Mamkan, a daughter of his tutor Tarsaich Orbelian, Prince of Syunik and Atabag of Georgia, as recorded by Tarsaich's son Stephen in his chronicle.
Manuel died in 1314, without known issue.
The only daughter born of Demetrius' first marriage, Rusudan, was married off by his father to a son of his ally, the influential Mongol statesman Buqa.
Rusudan appears to have survived the demise of Buqa and his family in 1289, later remarrying Taqa, a Georgian nobleman of the house of Panaskerteli.
Rusudan and Taqa are known as benefactors of the Monastery of the Cross in Jerusalem.
Furthermore, Rusudan is identified with the "queen of queens Rusudan" mentioned, along with the late Taqa, in an inscription from the Gudarekhi monastery.
Demetrius' second wife was the Mongol woman Solghar, by whom he had two sons, Baidu and Yadgar, and a daughter, Jigda.
Following the death of Demetrius, she retired from Georgia, bringing Baidu and Yadgar with her to her father's home in "Tartary".
Baidu then reappears in the Georgian annals as an envoy of his half-brother David VIII to the khan of the Golden Horde, Toqta, in 1298.
According to one genealogical hypothesis, Jigda is the same as Jiajak, the second wife of the emperor Alexios II of Trebizond.
Demetrius married thirdly, c. 1280, Natela, a daughter of Beka I Jaqeli, Duke of Samtskhe and Lord High Steward of Georgia.
After the death of Demetrius, she returned to her father's court, where the only child of Demetrius and Natela, George V, was reared until his appointment as a co-king with his half-brother David VIII in 1299.
He became regent for his nephew, George the Little, in 1307, and replaced him as king-regnant in 1318.
He was to become the most famous of Demetrius' sons, earning the sobriquet "the Illustrious" for the unity and relative prosperity he brought to his country after a century of the Mongol domination.Vladislav Tseytlin
Vladislav Tseytlin (born 23 August 1971) is a Uzbekistani football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Tseytlin became a FIFA referee in 2002.
He has served as a referee in the 2006 and 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.Hiroyoshi Takayama
Takayama became a FIFA referee in 2004.
He also refereed in 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.South Carolina Highway 903
South Carolina Highway 903 (SC 903) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
It connects Lancaster to Darlington, Florence, and the Grand Strand.
SC 903 is a two-lane rural highway, from Catarrh to Lancaster.
Control cities listed southbound include Myrtle Beach.
Established either in 1929 or 1930 as a new primary routing, it traversed from SC 35 in Catarrh to SC 9 in Midway.
In 1949, SC 903 was extended north to its current northern terminus in Lancaster, replacing an old alignment of SC 9.Fan Qi (referee)
Fan Qi (; ; born 18 April 1971) is a Chinese policeman and football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Fan became a FIFA referee in 2008.
He served as a referee for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, beginning with the preliminary-round match between Nepal and Jordan.ADATA
ADATA Technology Co., Ltd. () is a publicly listed (3260:TAI) fabless Taiwanese memory and storage manufacturer, founded in May 2001 by Simon Chen (Traditional Chinese: 陳立白).
Its main product line consists of DRAM modules, USB Flash drives, hard disk drives, solid state drives, memory cards and mobile accessories.
ADATA is also expanding into new areas, including robotics and electric powertrain systems.
In addition to its main ADATA brand, the company also sells PC gaming hardware and accessories under its XPG brand.
In 2017 ADATA was the second-largest DRAM module manufacturer in the world and had a market capitalization of US$680 million.
In recent years ADATA has extended its business to Europe and the Americas, while competing strongly with Samsung in Asia.
Consumer
XPG (Gaming)
Industrial
Lighting
PowertrainMohammad Afand
Mohammad Afand () is an Iranian Football Midfielder who currently plays for Fajr Sepasi in Iran's Premier Football League.
Afand started his career with Bargh in 2005.
He joined Fajr Sepasi in summer 2011.Portrayal of James Bond in film
Commander James Bond RN—code number 007—is a fictional character created by the British journalist and novelist Ian Fleming in 1952.
The character appeared in a series of twelve novels and two short story collections written by Fleming and a number of continuation novels and spin-off works after Fleming's death in 1964.
There have been twenty-seven films in total, produced between 1962 and 2020.
Fleming portrayed Bond as a tall, athletic, handsome secret agent in his thirties or forties; he has several vices including drinking, smoking, gambling, automobiles and womanising.
He is an exceptional marksman, and skilled in unarmed combat, skiing, swimming and golf.
While Bond kills without hesitation or regret, he usually kills only when carrying out orders, while acting in self-defence and occasionally as revenge.
American actor Barry Nelson was the first to portray Bond on screen, in a 1954 television adaptation, "Casino Royale".
In 1961 Eon Productions began work on "Dr. No", an adaptation of the novel of the same name.
The result was a film that spawned a series of twenty-four films produced by Eon Productions and two independent films.
After considering the likes of "refined" English actors such as Cary Grant and David Niven, the producers cast Sean Connery as Bond in the film.
Fleming was appalled at the selection of the uncouth, 31-year-old Scottish actor, considering him the antithesis of his character.
However, Connery's physical prowess and sexual magnetism became closely identified with the character, with Fleming ultimately changing his view on Connery and incorporating aspects of his portrayal into the books.
Seven actors in total have portrayed Bond in film.
Following Connery's portrayal, David Niven, George Lazenby, Roger Moore, Timothy Dalton, Pierce Brosnan and Daniel Craig have assumed the role.
These screen versions have retained many traits from Fleming's depiction, although some of Bond's less fashionable attitudes have been dropped, such as racism, homophobia, retaining the services of a maid, and in the more recent films, smoking.
Despite playing the same character, there have been notable differences among the portrayals.
Daniel Craig is the incumbent Bond in the long-running Eon series, and played the part for a fourth time in the latest film, "Spectre", released in October 2015.
A Secret Service agent, James Bond was a composite based on a number of commandos the author Ian Fleming had known during his service in the Naval Intelligence Division during World War II, to whom he added his own style and a number of his own tastes.
Fleming appropriated his character's name from the eponymous American ornithologist.
Bond's code number 007 comes from one of British naval intelligence's key achievements of World War I: the breaking of the German diplomatic code.
One of the German documents cracked and read by the British was the Zimmermann Telegram, which was coded 0075, and which was one of the factors that led to the US entering the war.
Subsequently, if material was graded 00 it meant it was highly classified.
Fleming later told a journalist: "When I was at the Admiralty ... all the top-secret signals had the double-0 prefix ... and I decided to borrow it for Bond."
Although James Bond is in his mid-to-late thirties, he does not age in Fleming's stories.
Fleming biographer Andrew Lycett noted that, "within the first few pages [of "Casino Royale"] Ian had introduced most of Bond's idiosyncrasies and trademarks", which included his looks, his Bentley and his smoking and drinking habits: Bond's penchant for alcohol runs throughout the series of books and he smokes up to 70 cigarettes a day.
Fleming decided to underplay Bond's character, observing: "Exotic things would happen to and around him, but he would be a neutral figure."
On another occasion, he reinforced his point: "When I wrote the first one in 1953, I wanted Bond to be an extremely dull, uninteresting man to whom things happened; I wanted him to be a blunt instrument."
Sean Connery was the first actor to portray Bond in film in "Dr. No" (1962).
An amateur bodybuilder, he had come to the attention of the Bond film producers after several appearances in British films from the late 1950s.
At a muscular 6'2", Connery was initially met with disapproval from Fleming, who believed he was an overgrown stuntman lacking the finesse and elegance to play James Bond; he envisaged a suave actor, such as David Niven, playing the role.
Producer Albert R. Broccoli—known to all as Cubby—disagreed with Fleming's view, later commenting that "I wanted a ballsy guy ... put a bit of veneer over that tough Scottish hide and you've got Fleming's Bond instead of all the mincing poofs we had applying for the job".
Eon's choice of Connery was also based on his looks and sex appeal, an appeal that would later be echoed by Honor Blackman who said, after appearing with Connery in "Goldfinger", "He was exceedingly handsome, virile and sexy and that really was the tenor of what the script was always trying to display".
After Connery was chosen, director Terence Young took the actor to his tailor and hairdresser, and introduced him to the high life, restaurants, casinos and women of London.
In the words of Bond writer Raymond Benson, Young educated the actor "in the ways of being dapper, witty, and above all, cool".
Connery's interpretation of the character differed considerably from Fleming's, being more promiscuous and cold-blooded than the literary version.
Connery described Bond as "a complete sensualist—senses highly tuned, awake to everything, quite amoral.
I particularly like him because he thrives on conflict".
Academic James Chapman observed that for "Dr. No", Connery's interpretation of the character, although not complete, showed the actor "should be credited with having established a new style of performance: a British screen hero in the manner of an American leading man".
In his second film, "From Russia with Love", Connery looked less nervous and edgy; he gave "a relaxed, wry performance of subtle wit and style".
Pfeiffer and Worrall noted that Connery "personified James Bond with such perfection that even Ian Fleming ... admitted that it was difficult imagining anyone else in the part"; academic Jeremy Black agreed and declared that "Connery made the role his own and created the Bond audience for the cinema".
Black also observed that Connery gave the character a "spare, pared-down character ... [with] inner bleakness along with the style".
Connery played Bond with "the right mix of cool charisma, violence and arrogance ... against which all others are judged".
Raymond Benson perceived that Connery "embodies a ruggedness and an intense screen presence this transcends any preconceived notions about the character".
Benson also noted that Bond was witty, but contains "an assured toughness that epitomises the machismo male".
Roger Moore agreed with Black and Benson, commenting that "Sean "was" Bond.
He created Bond.
He embodied Bond and because of Sean, Bond became an instantly recognisable character the world over—he was rough, tough, mean and witty ... he was a bloody good 007".
However, despite his charm and virility, Connery was characteristically laconic in his delivery.
Christopher Bray says of him that "in his single-minded, laconic, mocking, self-sufficient vanity, Connery's Bond was the epitome of sixties consumer culture".
Interviewed by Oriana Fallaci in 1965, Connery identified where he had altered the character for the films, saying "I said to the producers that the character had one defect, there was no humor about him; to get him accepted, they'd have to let me play him tongue-in-cheek, so people could laugh.
They agreed, and there you are: today Bond is accepted to such an extent that even philosophers take the trouble to analyze him, even intellectuals enjoy defending him or attacking him.
And even while they're laughing at him, people take him terribly seriously".
Connery went on to add that "Bond is important: this invincible superman that every man would like to copy, that every woman would like to conquer, this dream we all have of survival.
And then one can't help liking him".
After the pressures of five films in six years, Connery left the role after the 1967 film "You Only Live Twice" saying, "It became a terrible pressure, like living in a goldfish bowl ... that was part of the reason I wanted to be finished with Bond.
Also I had become completely identified with it, and it became very wearing and very boring".
After a hiatus of one film—"On Her Majesty's Secret Service", in which George Lazenby played Bond—Connery returned to the role for "Diamonds Are Forever" after David Picker, the head of United Artists, made it clear that Connery was to be enticed back to the role and that money was no object.
When approached about resuming the role of Bond, Connery demanded—and received—a fee of £1.25 million (£ million in pounds), 12.5% of the gross profits and, as a further enticement, United Artists offered to back two films of his choice.
His performance received mixed reviews, with Raymond Benson considering that Connery "looks weary and bored ... he is overweight, slow-moving, and doesn't seem to be trying to create a credible character".
Despite that, Benson considers that Connery "still radiates more screen presence than Roger Moore or George Lazenby".
On the other hand, Pauline Kael said "Connery's James Bond is less lecherous than before and less foppish—and he's better this way".
In the early 1980s producer Jack Schwartzman moved ahead with a non-Eon Bond film, following the controversy over the 1961 novel "Thunderball" and the subsequent long legal battle; the result was "Never Say Never Again".
Connery accepted an offer to play Bond once more, asking for (and receiving) a fee of $3 million ($ million in dollars), a percentage of the profits, as well as casting, director and script approval.
The script has several references to Bond's advancing years—playing on Connery being 52 at the time of filming.
David Robinson, reviewing the film for "The Times" considered that, "Connery ... is back, looking hardly a day older or thicker, and still outclassing every other exponent of the role, in the goodnatured throwaway with which he parries all the sex and violence on the way".
In 2003, Bond, as portrayed by Connery, was selected as the third-greatest hero in cinema history by the American Film Institute.
When Sean Connery had been cast in November 1961, David Niven had been Fleming's choice for the role as the actor reflected his image of the character.
In 1965 producer Charles Feldman signed Niven to play Sir James Bond for "Casino Royale", a film not made by Eon Productions.
Connery and Peter Sellers had both turned down the role.
Niven was 56 when he played Bond and his characterisation was that of an elderly man who had won the Victoria Cross at the Siege of Mafeking, had a daughter by his lover, the spy Mata Hari, played Claude Debussy on the piano, ate royal jelly and cultivated black roses.
The concept of Bond is that once Niven's Bond retired, his name and 007 designation was passed to another agent to keep the legend alive; James Chapman notes that the implication was that the "other Bond" was that played by Connery.
Chapman considered the concept of an elderly Bond interesting, with Bond referring to Connery's Bond as a "sexual acrobat who leaves a trail of beautiful dead women behind like blown roses".
In line with the literary Bond, Niven's character drives a vintage Bentley, rather than the Aston Martin favoured by Connery.
Bond scholar Steven Jay Rubin thought Niven perfectly cast as the retired Bond, and saw him as "a throw-back to the hell-for-leather adventure heroes" of the character, which paralleled Niven's own life and career.
Barnes and Hearn describe this as a "perfectly fair interpretation", given the way Niven approached the role, while Raymond Benson thinks casting Niven was "intelligent".
Jeremy Black questioned the use of Niven in the role, observing that he did not seem to be a killer, and did not have the "disconcerting edge" that Connery had.
With the departure of Connery after "You Only Live Twice", Broccoli and director Peter R. Hunt chose Australian George Lazenby to play the role of Bond.
He first came to their attention after seeing him in a Fry's Chocolate Cream advertisement.
Lazenby dressed the part by sporting several sartorial Bond elements such as a Rolex Submariner wristwatch and a Savile Row suit (ordered, but uncollected, by Connery), and going to Connery's barber at the Dorchester Hotel.
Lazenby consolidated his claim during a screen test, when he accidentally punched a professional wrestler, who was acting as stunt coordinator, in the face, impressing Broccoli with his ability to display aggression.
Lazenby never signed a contract, with negotiations dragging on during production, and he was subsequently convinced by his agent Ronan O'Rahilly that the secret agent would be archaic in the liberated 1970s; as a result he left the role before the release of "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" in 1969.
For his performance as Bond, Lazenby was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actor at the 27th Golden Globe Awards.
Critical opinion was split about Lazenby; he has been considered to have been the worst Bond, and has variously been described as "laconic and humourless", "a little stiff" and "annoying and smug".
Derek Malcolm of "The Guardian" was dismissive of Lazenby's performance, saying that he "is not a good actor and though I never thought Sean Connery was all that stylish either, there are moments when one yearns for a little of his louche panache".
"The New York Times" critic AH Weiler also weighed in against Lazenby, saying that "Lazenby, if not a spurious Bond, is merely a casual, pleasant, satisfactory replacement".
Pauline Kael called Lazenby "quite a dull fellow" in her otherwise positive review in "The New Yorker".
However, Peter R. Hunt, director of "On Her Majesty's Secret Service", stated that Lazenby should have undertaken more films in the role, saying "he would have made a very credible Bond and been very good indeed".
Smith and Lavington consider that Lazenby "had chosen to play Bond the same way as Sean Connery had, with perhaps more humility and humanity"; they went on to say that "Lazenby's inexperience rarely shows" in the film, and that "he invariably rises to the occasion".
Alexander Walker in the "London Evening Standard" said that, "The truth is that George Lazenby is almost as good a James Bond as the man referred to in his film as 'the other fellow'.
Lazenby's voice is more suave than sexy-sinister and he could pass for the other fellow's twin on the shady side of the casino.
Bond is now definitely all set for the Seventies".
Judith Crist of "New York Magazine" commented that, "This time around there's less suavity and a no-nonsense muscularity and maleness to the role via the handsome Mr. Lazenby".
Feminist film critic Molly Haskell wrote an approving review in the "Village Voice": "Lazenby ... seems more comfortable in a wet tuxedo than a dry martini, more at ease as a donnish genealogist than reading (or playing) "Playboy", and who actually dares to think that one woman who is his equal is better than a thousand part-time playmates".
James Chapman considers that Lazenby looks the part of Bond, identifying his athleticism and "arrogant swagger", which "convey the snobbery of the character".
Chapman also distinguished a more vulnerable and human characterisation in Bond—feeling exhausted and falling in love—as opposed to the "heroic superman" of Connery.
Brian Fairbanks noted that ""OHMSS" gives us a James Bond capable of vulnerability, a man who can show fear and is not immune to heartbreak.
Lazenby is that man, and his performance is superb".
Ben Macintyre also observed that of all the Bonds, Lazenby's characterisation was closest to that of Fleming's original character.
After "Diamonds Are Forever", Broccoli and Saltzman tried to convince Sean Connery to return as Bond, but he declined.
After considering Jeremy Brett, Michael Billington and Julian Glover, the two producers finally turned to Roger Moore, who they had previously discussed for "On Her Majesty's Secret Service", but who had been unavailable, and he was ultimately cast to play Bond in "Live and Let Die".
At the time Moore was an established television actor, known for his performances as Simon Templar in "The Saint" and Lord Brett Sinclair in "The Persuaders!
": in both of which he played a "charming, debonair, international playboy".
When playing Bond, Moore tried not to imitate either Connery or his previous roles, and screenwriter Tom Mankiewicz fitted the screenplay around Moore's persona by giving more comedy scenes and a light-hearted feel to Bond, an approach that led Raymond Benson to describe Moore's Bond as "a rather smarmy, eyebrow-raising international playboy who never seemed to get hurt".
Film writer Andrew Spicer considered Roger Moore the most elegant and mannerly of the Bonds, with the voice and style of an English debonair country gentleman.
Benson agreed, stating that Moore was, "too nice and well-mannered to be a James Bond of any real substance", while Doug Pratt said that "the writers worked out an amenable personality for Roger Moore and found a breezy balance between comedy and action".
To make Moore's character appear tougher, a Smith & Wesson .44 Magnum — which at the time was associated with the macho image of the Clint Eastwood character, Dirty Harry — was chosen for Moore to use in "Live and Let Die" rather than Bond's usual choice of Walther PPK.
Spicer says "Roger Moore re-created Bond as an old-style debonair hero, more polished and sophisticated than Connery's incarnation, using the mocking insouciance he had perfected in his role as Simon Templar ... Moore's humour was a throwaway, and certainly in the later films, verged on self-parody.
It was an essential strand in the increasingly tongue-in-cheek direction of the series which became more light-hearted, knowing and playfully intertextual".
Chapman noted that Moore was the most comedic of the Bonds, with a more light-hearted approach to playing the character with a mocking wit and innuendo.
Additionally, Moore's one-liners were delivered in a way to suggest that the violence inherent in the films was a joke, as opposed to Connery's, which was used to mitigate the violence.
Moore explained his approach to the humour by saying "to me, the Bond situations are so ridiculous ...
I mean, this man is supposed to be a spy, and yet everybody knows he's a spy ... it's outrageous.
So you have to treat the humour outrageously as well".
Pauline Kael was a fairly vocal critic of Moore's, dismissing him as an "iceberg" in "The Man with the Golden Gun".
In reviewing "For Your Eyes Only", she wrote "Roger Moore is Bond again, and his idea of Bond's imperturbable cool is the same as playing dead".
Reviewing "Moonraker", she wrote "Roger Moore is dutiful and passive as Bond; his clothes are neatly pressed and he shows up for work, like an office manager who is turning into dead wood but hanging on to collect his pension".
Only in "The Spy Who Loved Me", one of Kael's favourite Bond films, did she praise him describing him as self-effacing: "Moore gets the chance to look scaredan emotion that suits him and makes him more likable".
A number of Moore's personal preferences were transferred into his characterisation of Bond: his taste for Cuban cigars and his wearing of safari suits were assigned to the character.
Moore's use for cigars in his early films put him in contrast to the cigarette-smoking Connery, Lazenby and Dalton.
By the time of Moore's fifth film, "For Your Eyes Only", released in 1981, his characterisation had come to represent an old-fashioned character, in contrast to the fashionability Connery had brought to the role in the 1960s.
In 1985 Moore appeared in his seventh and final film, "A View to a Kill"; he was 57 (he appeared alongside co-star Tanya Roberts, who was 30).
Critics focused on Moore's age: "The Washington Post" said "Moore isn't just long in the tooth – he's got tusks, and what looks like an eye job has given him the pie-eyed blankness of a zombie.
He's not believable anymore in the action sequences, even less so in the romantic scenes".
When he was cast for the film, Moore recalled that he felt "a bit long in the tooth", and in December 2007 admitted that he "was only about four hundred years too old for the part".
Like Connery, Moore appeared as Bond in seven films; by the time he retired in 1985, he was the oldest actor to play 007 in the Eon series, and his Bond films had earned over at the box office.
With the retirement of Roger Moore in 1985, a search for a new actor to play Bond took place that saw a number of actors, including Sam Neill, Pierce Brosnan and Timothy Dalton, audition for the role in 1986.
Bond co-producer Michael G. Wilson, director John Glen, Dana and Barbara Broccoli "were impressed with Sam Neill and very much wanted to use him", although Bond producer Albert R. Broccoli was not sold on the actor.
Dalton and Brosnan were both considered by Eon, but after Brosnan was eventually ruled out by his Remington Steele contract, Dalton was appointed in August 1986 on a salary of $5.2 million.
When he was either 24 or 25 years old Dalton had discussed playing Bond with Broccoli, but decided he was too young to accept the role, thinking Bond should be played between 35 and 40 years old.
In preparing for the role, Dalton, a green-eyed, dark haired, slender, 6'2" (1 m 88 cm) classically trained Shakespearean actor, was keen to portray the character as accurately as possible, reading up extensively on the books before his role in "The Living Daylights" (1987).
Dalton's Bond was a serious one: dark, cold, emotional, stern, ruthless, showing little humour, and focused as a killer with little time for fun and indulgence.
Dalton's interpretation of the character came from his "desire to see a darker Bond", one that was "less of a womaniser, tougher and closer to the darker character Ian Fleming wrote about".
James Chapman also considered Dalton closer to Fleming's Bond than the previous actors, writing that Dalton was "clearly less comfortable ... with the witty asides and one-liners ... so he becomes something closer to the Bond of the books, who rarely develops a sense of humour".
When reviewing "Licence to Kill", Iain Johnstone of "The Sunday Times" disagreed, declaring that "any vestiges of the gentleman spy ... by Ian Fleming" have now gone; he went on to say that "this character is remarkably close both in deed and action to the eponymous hero of the new "Batman" film".
Not all viewers were taken with Dalton.
Jay Scott of "The Globe and Mail" was entirely dismissive.
"The new Bond has been widely described in feature stories as a throwback to the Ian Fleming original (studying the Fleming novels, Dalton was pleased to discover that Bond was a human being, he says), and that may be true, if the Fleming original lacked charm, sex appeal and wit.
Timothy Dalton's Bond is a serious bloke who swallows his words and approaches his job with responsibility and humanity, and eschews promiscuity – Dirtless Harry.
You get the feeling that on his off nights, he might curl up with the Reader's Digest and catch an episode of Moonlighting – he'd try to memorize the jokes – before nodding off under the influence of Ovaltine.
The British reviews of "The Living Daylights" have been laudatory, perhaps because this Bond is the most British of all, if British is to be understood as a synonym for reserved".
Raymond Benson noted that Dalton "purposely played Bond as a ruthless and serious man with very little of the wit displayed by Connery, Lazenby or Moore", and considered him "the most accurate and literal interpretation of the role ... ever seen on screen".
His character also reflected a degree of moral ambiguity; in "Licence to Kill", for instance, he becomes a rogue agent, while Dalton himself saw the character as a "man, not a superhuman; a man who is beset with moral confusions and apathies and uncertainties, and who is often very frightened and nervous and tense".
Smith and Lavington observed that during Dalton's portrayal in "Licence to Kill", Bond appeared "self-absorbed ... reckless, brutal, prone to nervous laughter and ... probably insane, or at least seriously disturbed.
In the light of "Licence to Kill", one academic, Martin Willis, referred to Dalton's Bond as a "muscular vigilante".
Steven Jay Rubin noted that Dalton's films had "a hard-edged reality and some unflinching violent episodes that were better suited to Dalton's more realistic approach to the character".
Rubin considered Dalton's portrayal "Fleming's Bond ... the suffering Bond".
In contrast to the previous incarnations of the character, Smith and Lavington identified Dalton's humour as "brooding rather than flippant"; combined with his heavy smoking, they considered him "an effective leading man".
Although Bond screenwriter Richard Maibaum called Sean Connery the best Bond, he considered Dalton the best actor of the four he worked with.Tom Mankiewicz agreed with this view, praising Dalton's androgynous facets.His predecessor, Roger Moore also felt that Dalton was the best actor to play Bond.
Director John Glen also felt that Dalton was the best actor that portrayed Bond, and that he was ahead of his time, noting the comparisons between Daniel Craig's incarnation to that of Dalton's.
Dalton's films did not perform as well at the box office as most of the previous films.
Commentators such as "Screen International" considered the Bond series had run its course in the age of series such as Indiana Jones and "Lethal Weapon".
Edward P. Comentale observed that "Dalton, for all his occasional flat northern vowels, was probably too much the stage actor to be convincing as an action hero in the age of Willis, Schwarzenegger and Stallone".
After just two films—"The Living Daylights" and "Licence to Kill"—litigation ensued over the licensing of the Bond catalogue, delaying what would have been Dalton's third film by several years.
His six-year contract expired in 1993 and he left the series in 1994.
After Timothy Dalton retired from the Bond role in 1994, Eon turned to the actor they had considered after "A View to a Kill": Pierce Brosnan.
He was offered a three-film contract, with an option on a fourth; his salary for his first film, "GoldenEye", was $4 million, which rose to $16.5 million for his fourth and final outing, "Die Another Day".
Brosnan had first met Broccoli on the set of "For Your Eyes Only", when Brosnan's wife, Cassandra Harris, was appearing in the film as Countess Lisl von Schlaf, and the couple lunched with Broccoli during filming.
Brosnan went on to play a criminal-turned-private investigator in "Remington Steele" in the 1980s, where he captured some of the traits of previous Bonds in playing the role: like Moore, he exemplified a high degree of suavity, elegance, charm and wit, but displayed a masculinity and grittiness on occasion reminiscent of Connery's Bond, both successfully "combine the character's Englishness with a classless internationalism that is highly knowing".
Andrew Spicer says that "Brosnan's frame carries the 'Armani look' with its refined understated Englishness, to perfection.
His lithe, sinuous athleticism is well suited to the fast-paced action and state-of-the-art gadgetry that retains the series' core appeal".
James Chapman also considered Brosnan's appearance striking, saying the actor had "old-fashioned, darkly handsome matinee idol looks".
With Brosnan, the Bond writers knew that because of the changes in public attitudes, he could not be as overtly sexual and dominant over women as Connery's Bond, and was denounced by M in "GoldenEye" as a "sexist, misogynist dinosaur, a relic of the Cold War".
Brosnan was seen by many as the quintessential James Bond in appearance and manner; displaying an air of coolness, elegance and a grace which made him believable as an international playboy, if not purely as an assassin.
John G. Stackhouse for instance argues that it is preposterous that any man as strikingly handsome as Brosnan and Connery could be a secret agent, saying, "When Sean Connery or Pierce Brosnan enters a room, everyone notices.
Thus it is ridiculous to suppose that James Bond, looking like that, could be a secret agent for longer than about two seconds".
Brosnan's Bond was introduced in "GoldenEye"; James Chapman argues that the film works his portrayal of Bond into the history of the others in the series through the post-credits sequence use of the , previously seen in "Goldfinger" and "Thunderball", "thus immediately evoking the memory of [Sean] Connery".
Brosnan's characterisation of Bond was seen by Jeremy Black as being "closer to the Fleming novels than Moore ... yet he is also lighter and less intense than Dalton".
Black also commented that the shift in character in the first three films reflected changing social opinions, with Bond not smoking.
Brosnan was clear he wanted to change Bond's smoking habit, saying "I don't give a damn about everyone's perception of the character: I think smoking causes cancer therefore he doesn't smoke", although he did smoke a Cuban cigar in "Die Another Day".
Brosnan continued with the use of humour prevalent with other portrayals, and provided a "mix of action and danger threaded through with the right amount of wit and humour"; Smith and Lavington saw the humour largely as puns that were "flippant, but not crass".
After four films in the role, Brosnan stated he wished to do one final Bond film.
Although plans were made for a film to be released in 2004, negotiations stalled and Brosnan announced his intention to leave in July 2004.
On 14 October 2005 Eon Productions, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Sony Pictures Entertainment introduced at a press conference in London Daniel Craig as the sixth actor to portray Bond in the Eon series.
A tuxedo- and lifejacket-clad Craig arrived via a Royal Navy speedboat.
Craig accepted the role based on the strength of the script for "Casino Royale"; he later recalled that "once I sat down and read the story, I just thought that I wanted to tell [it] ...
I'm a big Bond fan, and I love what he represents".
Significant controversy followed the decision, with some critics and fans expressing doubt the producers had made the right choice.
Throughout the entire production period, Internet campaigns such as danielcraigisnotbond.com expressed their dissatisfaction and threatened to boycott the film in protest.
Craig, unlike previous actors, was not considered by the protesters to fit the tall, dark, handsome and charismatic image of Bond to which viewers had been accustomed.
Many disparagingly called him "James Blonde", believing the blond-haired blue-eyed rugged Craig far from the traditional tall, dark and suave actors who had earlier portrayed him.
The "Daily Mirror" ran a front-page news story critical of Craig, with the headline, "The Name's Bland – James Bland".
Craig first played Bond in the 2006 film "Casino Royale", an adaptation of Fleming's novel of the same name and a reboot of the Eon series, which saw Bond earn his 00 status.
Despite the negative press on his appointment, Craig was widely praised by critics and former Bonds after the release of the film, many of whom believed he was the first actor to truly nail Fleming's character in the book.
Todd McCarthy, reviewing the film for "Variety", considered that "Craig comes closer to the author's original conception of this exceptionally long-lived male fantasy figure than anyone since early Sean Connery", and he went on to say that "Craig once and for all claims the character as his own", while Steven Spielberg called Craig "the perfect 21st-century Bond".
Paul Arendt, writing for the BBC, agreed, observing that "Daniel Craig is not a good Bond.
He's a "great" Bond.
Specifically, he is 007 as conceived by Ian Fleming—a professional killing machine, a charming, cold-hearted patriot with a taste for luxury.
Craig is the first actor to really nail 007's defining characteristic: he's an absolute swine".
James Chapman commented on the realism and violence in the film noting that Bond is seen to seriously bleed for the first time in the series; Chapman also identified a number of violent scenes which make "Casino Royale" notable in the series.
In 2012 "Skyfall" was released: it was Craig's third outing as 007.
Reviewing the film, Philip French, writing in "The Observer", considered that Craig managed to "get out of the shadow of Connery", while the "New Statesman" thought that he had "relaxed into Bond without losing any steeliness".
Footnotes
CitationsMuzhi, Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug
Muzhi () is a rural locality (a "selo") and the administrative center of Shuryshkarsky District of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located on the bank of the Ob River.
Population:Kao Jung-fang
Kao Jung-Fang (Chinese: 高荣芳; born 30 October 1980) is a Taiwanese football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
He also refereed at the regional league such as 2011 SEA Games.,2013 SEA Games.Lavsa
Lavsa is an uninhabited Croatian island in the Adriatic Sea located southwest of Kornat.
Its area is .
In the bay, there are several houses that are used summer only.
Otherwise the island is without inhabitants.
The harbor is protected from all winds.Bo van der Werff
Bo van der Werff (born 24 August 1992 in Eelde) is a Dutch long track speed skater, who prefers short and middle distances.
She won a gold medal in the 1000 meters at the Dutch Junior speed skating championship in 2010.
In the 2011–2012 season, she was contracted to the speed skating team Team Anker.
She later joined the iSkate Development Team.Forbidden City F.C.
Forbidden City Football Club (FC FC) (Simplified Chinese: 紫禁城足球俱乐部) is a Chinese amateur Association Football (soccer) based in Beijing.
The club was founded in 2004 and is a not-for profit Voluntary association social club, playing 11 a-side competitive football in the IFFC.
Members of the club are national Chinese as well as from other countries, representing a wide expatriate contingent as common in Beijing.
Before joining the IFFC League in August 2004, members of Forbidden City FC played for various amateur football clubs in the Beijing Club football 11-aside League, which was disbanded in 2003 during the SARS outbreak and because Clubfootball decided to concentrate on 5-aside football.
FCFC's inaugural match was on tour to Shanghai, to participate in the bi-annual Shanghai Shooters 7-aside competition, where FCFC picked up their first silverware, winning the Plate competition.
In their inaugural year 2004/05, Forbidden City FC finished 4th in the First Division of the IFFC League with 27 points after playing 18 competitive matches, winning 8, drawing 3 and losing 7.
In 2005/06 FCFC were champions of the First Division with 46 points, playing 18 games, winning 15, drawing 1, and losing 2.
FCFC therefore gained promotion to the IFFC Premiere Division.
In 2006/07 Season, FCFC finished 7th in the Premiere League.
In 2007/08 Season FCFC maintained their year-on-year improvement and stayed in the top echelon of the division the entire season, finishing in 2nd place with 49 points after 22 matches.
In 2008/09 Season FCFC had a great start to the season, maintaining top spot over the Christmas break but didn't capitalise on their early wins, finishing 4th at the end of the season, with 42 points over 22 matches.
The 2009/10 Season was better again, with Forbidden City FC staying top of the division for the majority of the season, only to fall into 2nd place in the closing week with 55 points out of 22 matches.
The 2010/11 season saw Forbidden City top the Première League of the IFFC with 63 points.
FCFC stayed at the top of the division from Game 3 (October 10, 2010) culminating in winning the trophy on Game 22 (May 29, 2011).
Congratulations to Forbidden City FC, winning the league in their 5th year in the top flight.
In the 2007 season, FCFC management decided to expand the club by creating a second team, which started playing in the IFFC First Division.
This team was named after another truly famous Beijing landmark to become Summer Palace FC (圆明园).
Forbidden City was first set up as a social touring side with our first tour to Shanghai in August 2004 (as explained above).
Since then the club has travelled to Shanghai and Bangkok on numerous occasions to take part in International football tours.
Most recently to the "30th Far East Football Tournament 2012" in Bangkok, which was run by German All Stars Bangkok and where Forbidden City football club finished in 6th place in the cup, the team only lost against the eventual tournament winners.
Forbidden City FC final league Standing
Summer Palace FC final league StandingFahad Al-Kassar
Fahad Abdalla Ahmad Al Kassar Banihammad (Arabic: فهد عبد الله احمد الكسار بني حماد; born 1973) is an Emirati football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Al-Kassar became a FIFA referee in 2011 and also refereed at the regional league such as 2011 SEA Games.Orbán Kolompár
Orbán Kolompár (born in Kiskunmajsa, People's Republic of Hungary, September 24, 1963) is a Hungarian Romani politician and activist, who served as President of the National Gypsy Council (OCÖ) from 2003 to 2011.
He is the founder and chairman of the Romani Alliance Party (MCF).
In 2012 Orbán Kolompár was sentenced to 22 months in prison under the charges of abuse of financial position and the violation of European Economic Community financial interests.
His fugitive brother, László, was sentenced in absentia to 22 months in prison while his wife got a suspended prison term of a year under the same charges.Rough Bank, Miserden
Rough Bank, Miserden () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1986.
It was purchased by the wildlife charity Butterfly Conservation in 2012.
The site lies in the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty near Miserden and is one of several sites of ancient "herb-rich" pasture which remain in the area.
It lies on Jurassic limestone.
The grassland includes upright brome, tor-grass, sheep's fescue and a range of plants which flourish on calcareous soils.
These include autumn gentian, clustered bellflower, common calamint, ploughman's spikenard and rock rose.
There are large quantities of kidney vetch on the site.
A wide range of orchids flourish including fly orchid, bee orchid, green-winged orchid, fragrant orchid and the greater butterfly orchid.
Pyramidal orchids grow in abundance.
Woodland and scrub areas support such plants as broad-leaved helleborine, white helleborine and nettle-leaved bellflower.
Columbine is recorded.
The reserve is biologically rich – the main area of flower-rich grassland is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is home to 33 species of butterfly, 42 species of nationally scarce and rare moths and 12 species of orchid.
The Rough Bank sward is full of characteristic lime-loving plants such as horseshoe vetch, autumn gentian, clustered bellflower, ploughman’s spikenard and rock rose.
The impressive abundance of orchids includes early purple, fly, bee, fragrant, lesser butterfly, pyramidal and autumn lady’s tresses.
The Rough Bank site was purchased by Butterfly Conservation in 2012 with the help of a significant grant from Natural England, funding from The Gloucestershire Naturalists Society and generous donations from many individual supporters.
It has become part of the Cotswolds Commons and Beechwoods National Nature Reserve (NNR) and is managed in collaboration with Natural England and the National Trust.
Directions
Arriving by public transport is possible on the number 23 bus from Stroud, alighting at The Camp.
Buses are limited so please check the timetable on the day you intend to travel.
The reserve entrance is at SO914 087 just south of The Camp – a small hamlet on the minor road called Calf Way which connects the B4070 (Birdlip to Stroud road) with Bisley.
The nearest post code is: GL6 7HN
Continue through The Camp on to Calf Way and when you reach the fork in the road, head to the right - the entrance is a few minutes further down the road on your right.
There is a small car park inside the reserve entrance - the traffic is fast along this road so please take great care when turning in and out and be aware of riders using the bridleway.
There is no safe roadside parking and the gateway should not be blocked when the car park is closed, as farm machinery needs access at all times.
The rich flora support a diverse range of invertebrates, and butterflies include chalkhill blue, small blue, green hairstreak and the marbled white.
There are species of snail, ant and woodlouse recorded and there are old ant hills present.Henk Savelberg
Henk Savelberg (Mechelen, 11 July 1953) is a Dutch head chef.
Up until now, he is the only head chef from the Netherlands awarded a Michelin star in five different restaurants.
Savelberg comes from a mining family of five children.
At a young age he lost his mother, so he was mainly raised by his father and sister.
He went to the hotel school in Sittard.
He trained, amongst others, in Kasteel Wittem (Wittem) and hotel Terminus (Heerlen).
When he was 17, he enlisted in the Netherlands Marine Corps.
During an exercise in Norway he got frozen toes and as a consequence he had to leave the service.
After leaving the Marines at age 20, he started working in the hospitality industry.
His first employers were "Bon Ton" in Scheveningen, "Nostaligia" and "La Grande Bouffe" in The Hague, where he discovered the Nouvelle Cuisine.
He then went to France for work experience at Gérard Pangaud in Paris, Jan Pierre Bioux in Lyon and Le Chateau de Luca Lonnais in Brittany.
Back in the Netherlands, he started working at restaurant De Graaf van het Hoogveen.
Here he was awarded his first Michelin star, in 1982.
The restaurant had a Michelin star in the period 1982-1988.
In 1983, Savelberg left "De Graaf van het Hoogveen" and moved over to restaurant "Seinpost" in Scheveningen.
A company named "Tartuffe Holding", comprising Henk Savelberg and a group of friends, set up Restaurant Seinpost in 1983.
In 1989, they started "Vreugd en Rust" and Savelberg moved.
As a consequence of Savelberg leaving, "Seinpost" lost its star.
After extensive renovations, Savelberg (and "Tartuffe Holding") opened restaurant-hotel Vreugd en Rust in 1989.
He was not only head chef, but also part owner (23%) of the restaurant.
In 1993, after a conflict with the other shareholders about the role of his wife Ingrid, he sold his share and left the restaurant.
In 1990, Savelberg was awarded a Michelin star here.
He retained the star until he left in 1993.
Due to protests from neighbours, the opening of a new restaurant in the villa Zorgvliet in The Hague was severely delayed.
To keep busy and to train in his staff, Savelberg started working at "Auberge De Vliethoeve", the restaurant of a local golfclub in Rijswijk.
In 1995, he gave up on Zorgvliet and moved back to Vreugd en Rust.
In 1995, Savelberg returned to "Vreugd en Rust", now as owner of the restaurant.
In 1997, he also bought the building and estate.
Michelin awarded him a Michelin star from 1998 to present.
In 2017 one star was awarded in the first ever to be published Michelin guide for Bangkok.
Henk Savelberg was one of the founders of Les Patrons Cuisiniers in 1991.
He did this with other well known chefs: Maartje Boudeling, Paul Fagel, Constant Fonk, John Halvemaan, Cees Helder, Toine Hermsen, John Kern and Emmanuel Mertens.
Aims of the new organization were enhancing of the culinary level, more attention to the kitchen staff and the strengthening of friendship ties.
Henk Savelberg was married with Ingrid.
Later, he married Diana.
In 2007, Savelberg underwent heart surgery to correct a birth defect.
It took him years to recover from that, and even more time to accept that he had to take a step back.Marian Academy
Marian Academy is a Roman Catholic private school in Georgetown, Guyana.
It is situated on Carifesta Avenue in central Georgetown.
The academy provides secondary, primary and nursery schooling.
The school was opened on September 14, 1998, with 227 enrolled students.
By 2001, the school had doubled in size, recording a figure of 453 students.
Since 2008, the school has run an annual "blood drive", in which students are encouraged to become blood donors.
The drive is organised in collaboration with Guyana Red Cross and the National Blood Transfusion Service (NBTS).Oki Dwi Putra
Oki Dwi Putra Sanjaya (born 23 October 1983) is an Indonesian professional football referee.J.J.I.
Alcide de Paladilhe
J.J.I.
Alcide de Paladilhe (1814–1876) was a French malacologist.
He wrote (1866-1869) "Nouvelles miscellanées malacologiques" par M. le Docteur Paladilhe Paris :Chez Savy,(1866-1869) online here at Biodiversity Heritage Library
Paladilhe's collection is in the Natural History Museum of Geneva
"Haasiana" Newsletter number 6 2012Suhaizi Shukri
Suhaizi Shukri (born 23 November 1979) is an international association football referee from Malaysia.
He became a FIFA referee in 2011.
Suhaizi Shukri became a professional referee in 2011 and has been an Malaysia Super League referee since 2011.
He officiated numerous matches in the AFC Champions League and the AFC Cup.
For the first international club duty, he been selected as a fourth official, between match Brisbane Roar vs FC Tokyo on 6 March 2012 in 2012 AFC Champions League.
Suhaizi also been selected as a fourth official for the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification, 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC) and 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification.
On 13 March 2013, he was the first Malaysian referee to officiate in an Indonesia Super League match (ISL).Win Htut
Win Htut (1981) is a Burmese football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
He also refereed at the regional league such as 2011 SEA Games.Steve Supresencia
Steve Supresencia (born 1980) is a Filipino football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
Supresencia became a FIFA referee in 2011.
He has served as a referee in competitions including the 2011 SEA Games.2012 American Express – TED Open – Singles
Denis Istomin was the defending champion but decided not to participate.<br>
Dmitry Tursunov won the title, defeating Adrian Mannarino 6–4, 7–6 in the final.Gyula Koi
Gyula Koi (; born April 21, 1977, Budapest) is a Hungarian legal scholar and lecturer.
His main research fields are administrative law, and theory of public administration.
His Chinese name is Guo Yi.
Koi graduated in 2002 with a BA in Public Administration from the Corvinus University of Budapest, and an MA in Law from University of Szeged in 2010.
From 2007 to 2009, he studied sinology at Eötvös Loránd University.
In 2014, he obtained a doctoral degree from Széchenyi István University (Győr) writing a thesis entitled, 'Foreign influences in Hungarian Public Administration.'
From 2002 to 2003, he was Head Librarian at the EU Documentation and Research Center in ELTE University, Faculty of Law.
From 2003 to 2005, he was Assistant Lecturer at BUESPA, Faculty of Public Administration, Dept.
of Public Administration.
In 2005 he became Assistant Fellow at the Institute for Legal Studies of Center for Social Sciences, Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
In 2014, he became Research Fellow at the Institute.
From 2005, he worked at the Hungarian Parliament (Committee of Immunity), focusing on 'Code of Conduct for MPs'.
From 2009, he became editor-in-chief of 'Jogi Tudósító' (Legal Correspondent).
iN 2012, he became Assistant Lecturer at National University of Public Service, Faculty of Public Administration, Institute for Public Law.<ref name="http://ktk.uni-nke.hu/index.php/hu/tovabbkepzes/320-ktk/intezetek/kozjogi-intezet"></ref> In 2014, he became a lecturer at this university.
Number of his published papers are more than 160.
The number of his papers in Foreign Languages (English, French, German, Slovak and Ukrainian) are 22.
Number of his citations is 130 to 35 publications.Nguyễn Hoàng Minh
Nguyễn Hoàng Minh is a Vietnamese football referee who has been a full international referee for FIFA.
He also refereed at the regional league such as 2011 SEA Games.Kharp
Kharp () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Priuralsky District of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located on the bank of the Sob River.
Population:Hamidreza Divsalar
Hamidreza Divsalar () is an Iranian Football Midfielder who currently plays in Azadegan League.
He started his career with Rah Ahan in 2008 and made his debut for Rah Ahan against Mes Kerman.
In the winter of 2012, he joined Paykan.Kangiten
Kangi-ten (, "God of Bliss") is a god ("deva" or "ten") in Shingon and Tendai schools of Japanese Buddhism.
He is generally considered the Japanese Buddhist form of the Hindu elephant-headed god of wisdom, Ganesha and is sometimes also identified with the bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara.
He is also known as Kanki-ten, Shō-ten (聖天, "sacred god" or "noble god"), Daishō-ten ("great noble god"), Daishō Kangi-ten (大聖歓喜天), Tenson (天尊, "venerable god"), Kangi Jizai-ten (歓喜自在天), Shōden-sama, Vinayaka-ten, Binayaka-ten (毘那夜迦天), Ganapatei (誐那缽底) and Zōbi-ten (象鼻天).
Kangiten has many aspects and names, associated with Vajrayana (Esoteric Buddhist, Tantric, mantrayana) schools, Shingon being one of them.
Although Kangiten is depicted with an elephant's head like Ganesha as a single male deity, his most popular aspect is the Dual(-bodied) Kangiten or the Embracing Kangiten depicted as an elephant-headed male-female human couple standing in an embrace.
Kangiten inherits many names and characteristics from the Hindu god Ganesha.
He is known as Bināyaka-ten, derived from the epithet "Vinayaka"; Gaṇabachi or Gaṇapati (Ganapati is a popular epithet of Ganesha) and Gaṇwha (Ganesha).
Like Ganesha, Bināyaka is the remover of obstacles, but when propitiated, he bestows material fortunes, prosperity, success and health.
In addition, Bināyaka is said to be of evil nature, creator of discord and dispute and leading people towards immoral ways.
Shō-ten or Āryadeva indicates his association with good luck and fortune.
The name "Kangi-ten", generally implied to the Tantric embracing deity icons, is venerated as giver of joy and prosperity.
The Dual Kangiten icon called Soshin Kangi-ten ("dual-bodied god of bliss") is a unique feature of Shingon Buddhism.
It is also called Soshin Binayaka in Japanese, Huanxitian in Chinese and Nandikeshvara in Sanskrit.
Kangiten is often represented as an elephant-headed male and female pair, standing embracing each other in sexual union.
The genders of the pair is not explicit, but hinted in the iconography.
The female wears a crown, a patched monk's robe and a red surplice, while the male wears a black cloth over his shoulder.
He has a long trunk and tusks, while she has short ones.
He is reddish-brown in colour and she is white.
She usually rests her feet on his, while he rests his head on her shoulder.
A variant form called "Shoten Fondly Smiling" form, both of them gaze into each other's eyes, smiling intently.
She wears loose garments, while he wears tight ones.
Sometimes, they are cloaked in a single garment.
In another variant, "Embracing Shoten Looking Over the Shoulder", as the name suggests, the couple look over each other's shoulders.
The iconography represents unity of opposites (coniunctio oppositorum).
Though they are separate figures with contrasting iconographies and genders, however they share the common name "Kangiten" and are engrossed in an intimate embrace, indicating their nonduality.
The non-dual is further stressed by sexual indicators like the feet-on-feet or the single garment.
Shoten may be also depicted as male alone.
The deity figure(s) is/are portrayed as elephant-headed, with two, four, six, eight or twelve arms.
However, his images are rarely displayed in public.
When depicted as a male, Shoten is generally four-armed, holding a radish and a sweet (modak).
He may also hold a mace, a sword, a cup of ambrosia or have two of his front arms folded.
The six-armed aspect of Kangiten is described carrying a knife, a fruit bowl, a discus in his left hands and a club, a noose and his broken tusk in his right.
Vinayaka are also depicted in two most important Shingon mandalas, Vajra-dhatu and Garbhakosa-dhatu.
The mandalas generally have more than 1 Vinayaka figures.
The Vinayakas are elephant-headed, carry emblems such as radish and axe and are seated on lotus pedestals ("padmasana"), the sign of divinity.
The Vinayakas are generally positioned as guardians of the directions and serve as protectors against demons and evil.
The central figure of the mandalas is Vairocana, one of the Five Great Buddhas, whose incarnation the Vinayakas are considered in this configuration.
Kangiten may also be depicted symbolically by symbolic syllable called "shuji" or bija or by symbols such as an umbrella, garland or bow and arrow in mandalas.
Kangiten first emerged as a minor deity in the Japanese Buddhist pantheon in the eighth-ninth centuries CE, possibly under the influence of Kukai (774–835), the founder of Shingon Buddhism.
The Hindu Ganesha icon travelled to China, where it was incorporated in Buddhism, then journeyed further to Japan.
Kangiten's early role in Shingon, like most other Hindu deities assimilated in Buddhism, is of a minor guardian of the twin mandalas.
Later on, Kangiten emerged as "besson", an independent deity.
Kangiten appears in numerous Japanese "besson" guides, compiled in Heian period (794–1185).
While it includes rituals and iconographic forms like the early Chinese texts, it introduces origin myths of the deity to justify the Buddhist nature of the Hindu Ganesha.
Early images show him as with two or six arms.
The paintings and gilt-bronze images of the Dual Kangiten with explicit sexual connotations emerged in the late Heian period, under the Tantric influence of Tibetan Buddhism where such sexual imagery (Yab-Yum) was common.
The rare Japanese sexual iconography was hidden from public eye, to abide with Confucian ethics.
Kangiten has now become an important deity in Shingon.
The origins of the Dual Kangiten have perplexed scholars for years; there is no concrete evidence about the inception of this form.
It is first found in Chinese texts, related to Chinese Tantric Buddhism, which was centred on the Buddha Vairocana and propagated by the three great masters Śubhakarasiṃha, Vajrabodhi, and Amoghavajra.
The "Dharanisamuccya" translated to Chinese by the monk Atigupta (Atikuta) in 654 CE describes a ritual to worship the Dual Kangiten; the same ritual was replicated by Amoghavajra (705–774) in his ritual text "Daishoten Kangi Soshin Binayaka ho".
Amoghavajra describes Soshin Kangiten as a deva, who grants one's desires and a "trayaka", the protector against evil and calamity.
It details rituals and mantras to gain favour of the Dual Kangiten as well as the six-armed Shoten.
In another text by Amoghavajra, Soshin Kangiten is called a bodhisattva.
This text categorizes the worshippers into three: the highest can learn inner secrets, the middle can read this text and the lowest should just accompany a higher worshipper in rituals.
It describes rituals to gain four siddhis ("powers"), namely of "protection, of gain, of love and of subjugation".
Rituals to appease Kangiten are described to gain three material things: kingship, prosperity and sufficient food and clothing.
The text especially prescribes wine, the "water of bliss" as an offering to Kangiten.
A minor text "Ritual of Sho Kangiten" (861) by Poi-jo-je Chieh-lo describes the mandalas of Kangiten.
Bodhiruci (trad.
572–727) has written two texts (dated c. 693–713) that narrate about Vinayaka.
In one of the texts, Vinayaka teaches a host of deities and demons a one-syllable mantra, followed by a description of a ritual dedicated to the Dual Kangiten, which is also found in Amoghavajra's "Daishoten Kangi Soshin Binayaka ho".
Vinayaka's demon followers promise the deity to grant of wishes of beings, who repeat the one-syllable mantra.
In the longer version of the previous text, Bodhiruci elaborates of the Vinayaka story and enlists many rituals to propitiate the Dual Kangiten as well as the four-armed form of the deity.
It also has rituals to entice, gain wisdom, destroy foes etc.
Besides the usual list of rituals, mantras and iconographical descriptions of the deity, Śubhakarasiṃha (early 8th century) in text, predating Amoghavajra but post-dating Atigupta composed in c. 723-36, equates Kangiten to Shiva and associates "the Hindu king" Vinayaka with Avalokiteshvara (Kannon).
The Dual Kangiten may also have been by the Hindu Tantric portrayal of Ganesha with consorts.
Numerous Japanese Buddhist canons narrate tales about the evil nature of Vināyaka.
The "Kangisoshinkuyoho" as well as Śubhakarasiṃha's early Chinese text describes that King Vinayaka (Binayaka) was the son of Uma(hi) (identified with the Hindu Parvati, mother of Ganesha) and Maheshvara, the Buddhist equivalent of Shiva, father of Ganesha.
Uma produces 1500 children from her either side; from her left a host of evil Vinayakas, headed by Vinayaka (Binayaka) and from her right, benevolent virtuous hosts headed by the manifestation of Avalokiteshvara – Senanayaka ("Lord of the army [of gods]", identified with the Hindu god of war Skanda, the brother of Ganesha), the antithesis of Vinayaka.
Senanayaka would take many births as the elder brother (as in the Hindu tradition) or wife of Vinayaka to defeat him.
Then Śubhakarasiṃha's text says that as wife, Senanayaka embraces Vinayaka leading to the icon of the Dual Kangiten.
In the Japanese pantheon, Kangiten is considered as the brother of Ida-ten, identified with Skanda.
Another legend narrates that the king of Marakeira only ate beef and radishes.
When these became rare, he started feasting on human corpses and finally living beings, turning into the great demon-king Vinayaka, who commanded an army of vinayakas.
The people prayed to the Avalokiteshvara, who took the form of a female vinayaka and seduced Vinayaka, filling him with joy ("kangi").
Thus, he, in union with her, became the Dual Kangiten.
The "Kukozensho" tells that Zaijizai, Maheshvara's consort, had a son named Shoten, who was banished from heaven, due to his evil and violent nature.
A beautiful goddess named Gundari (Kundali), took the form of a terrible demoness and married Shoten, leading him to good ways.
Another tale narrates that Kangiten was the evil daughter of Mahaeshvara, driven out from heaven.
She took refuge at Mount Binayaka and married a fellow male-Binayaka, resulting in the Dual Kangiten icon.
Japanese variants of the legend of the Dual Kangiten emphasize that union of Vinayaka (the male) and Vainayaki (the female) transforms an evil obstacle creator into a reformed individual.
Kangiten is considered to be endowed with great power.
Kangiten is regarded as protector of temples and worshipped generally by gamblers, actors, geishas and people in the business of "pleasure".
Mantras are often prescribed in ritual texts to appease the deity and even to drive away this obstacle-maker.
Rice wine (sake), radishes (daikon) and "bliss-buns" (kangi-dan), a deep fried confection filled with red-bean paste which is based on the modak offered to Ganesha, are offered to the god.
While Kangiten is worshipped throughout Japan, Hōzan-ji on the summit of Mount Ikoma is his most important and active temple.
Though the temple is believed to have been founded in the sixth century, it came in the limelight in the 17th century when the monk Tankai (1629–1716) made the temple's "Gohonzon", a Heian period, gilt-bronze image of the Dual Kangiten, the centre of attraction.
In the Genroku era (1688–1704), Osaka merchants, especially vegetable-oil sellers, joined Kangiten's cult, attributing their success to his worship.
Business people still continue to worship him at the sanctuary and figurines of the Dual Kangiten are found in shops around the temple.
The central Dual Kangiten icon is kept under a phallic cover called the "linga-kosa", when not being worshipped.
Besides Shingon worship, as of 1979, Kangiten's worship was recorded in at least 243 Japanese shrines.A.F.
Norris
A.F.
Norris (1864-1915) was an American architect.
He designed approximately 400 residences.
Several of his designs appear in "Concrete Country Residences".
The 50 Lloyd Rd.
was featured in "Scientific American Building Edition".
; his work at 10 Rockledge was featured in "American Homes & Gardens".
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:2014 African Nations Championship qualification
The qualification phase for the 2014 African Nations Championship was played from November 2012 to August 2013.
Qualification is divided into the CAF Regional Zones.
Each zone has 2 or 3 teams that will qualify for the final tournament in 2014 in South Africa.
The 2 winners of the First Round qualify for the final tournament.
Algeria withdrew due to poor squad standards.
The 2 Preliminary Round winners qualify for the First Round.
Mali and Senegal receive a bye and advance directly to the First Round.
The 2 winners of the First Round qualify for the final tournament.
The Preliminary Round winner qualify for the First Round.
Ghana, Niger, Côte d'Ivoire, Nigeria and Benin receive a bye and advance directly to the First Round.
The 3 winners of the First Round qualify for the final tournament.
Benin withdrew from the tournament for financial reasons.
Nigeria withdrew due to financial constraints on 11 April 2013, but one month later they confirmed their participation.
The Preliminary Round winner qualify for the First Round.
DR Congo, Cameroon and Gabon receive a bye and advance directly to the First Round.
The 2 winners of the First Round qualify for the final tournament.
The 2 losers of the First Round qualify for the Second Round.
The winner of the Second Round qualify for the final tournament.
The 2 Preliminary Round winners qualify for the First Round.
Sudan, Uganda, Rwanda and Tanzania receive a bye and advance directly to the First Round.
The 3 winners of the First Round qualify for the final tournament.
The 2 Preliminary Round winners qualify for the First Round.
Angola, Botswana, Namibia, Swaziland, Zambia and Zimbabwe receive a bye and advance directly to the First Round.
Note: Mozambique was not included in the initial draw published by CAF on June 9, 2012, and Seychelles was supposed to also receive a bye and advance directly to the First Round, but then Mozambique was included to play a Preliminary Round against Seychelles, the qualifier taking the spot in the First Round which was firstly drawn for Seychelles (vs. Namibia).
The 4 winners of the First Round qualify for the Second Round.
The 2 winners of the Second Round qualify for the final tournament, along with hosts South Africa.Exeter War Memorial
Exeter War Memorial, also known as The Northernhay War Memorial is a war memorial in Northernhay Gardens in the city of Exeter, Devon.
Designed by John Angel, it was erected by public subscription in 1923 and cost over £6,000.
At the time, John Angel was spending four years as an assistant to Sir George Frampton, and his influence is apparent in the allegorical style.
The figure of "Peace" (also known as "Victory") was exhibited by Angel at The Royal Academy in 1922, being exhibited in the courtyard of Burlington House, as were other studies of this and the Bridgewater War Memorial on several occasions.
Quarried from Blackingstone Quarry, near Moretonhampstead, and erected by Messrs. Easton & Son of Exeter, it is a total of high, with a high pedestal.
The figure representing Victory, tall, is said to hold "aloft a spray of laurels in token of gratitude to Heaven.
Boldly modelled, and with considerable action, this figure, standing on a dragon, forms an interesting silhouette from all sides."
On each of the four arms of the cross is a bronze figure representing the war, including a soldier, a sailor on the hull of a ship, a prisoner of war, and a V.A.D.
nurse in uniform holding a bandage.
The figures would each be in height if they were standing.
The dedication ceremony for the memorial was celebrated by the Bishop of Crediton Robert Trefusis.
It was unveiled by the Right Honourable Admiral David Beatty.
Ceremonies were concluded by a trumpeter on Athelstan's Tower who played The Last Post.
During World War II a tall brick wall was built around the memorial, leaving just the figure on top visible, to protect it against possible bomb damage.
After the war additional bronze plaques were added on the base to honour the soldiers killed in that conflict.
The memorial is one of two civic memorials in Exeter, the other being the Devon County War Memorial by Sir Edwin Lutyens, in the form a simple cross outside Exeter Cathedral.
The two memorials were the responsibility of separate committees; the city and county memorial committees conspicuously failed to work together.
According to Sir James Owen, chairman of the Exeter City War Memorial Committee, the city offered a joint committee but the county "slammed the door in our face", while Hugh Fortescue, 4th Earl Fortescue, chairman of the Devon County War Memorial Committee, accused the city of proceeding with its own project without any discussion with the county.
In November 2010, following the death of Harry Patch, the last English survivor of World War I trench warfare, a ceremony was held at the memorial.
Devon historian Dr. Todd Gray noted that with his death, the time for remembrance had arrived: Now ".
.
.
we are at that point.
.
.
.
The city's Great War memorial was created so that future generations would know about the sacrifices men made on their behalf.
In the years that have followed this monument and all others have evolved into memorials for all war and I would encourage any Exonian who has a few moments to show their respect."
As Dr. Gray observed, this is one of hundreds of World War I memorials scattered around Devon.
He believes that even though they are nearly a century old, they are relevant today, as they are community centers for sharing and grief.
On 10 September 2012, a new memorial to honour those from Exeter who gave their lives since World War II was dedicated.
It is said to be a "complement" to the 1923 memorial.
The dedication was hosted by Air Chief Marshal Sir Stuart Peach.
The memorial will honour ten Exeter servicemen who "lost their lives in conflicts overseas", including those in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Northern Ireland.
Family members of the soldiers were consulted as to its form.
Attendees included the Lord Mayor Councillor Rob Newby, the Bishop of Exeter the Rt.
Rev.
Michael Langrish, and battalion and regimental representatives from the units in which the fallen had served.
Mayor Newby stated, "As a city, we already honour our dead from the two Great Wars, and it is fitting that we honour those who have fallen since 1945.
This memorial allows us to do just that."
The polished granite tablet has a remembrance exhortation and lists ten names.
The Exeter City Council commissioned it upon the suggestion of Kirianne Curley, widow of one of the honoured fallen.
It will continue to be the site of local services on Remembrance Sunday.
Like the original dedication ceremony, this too concluded with a playing of "The Last Post".
In September 2014, Historic England designated the original memorial as a Grade II* listed building.Kylie Grimes
Kylie Grimes (born 7 December 1987 in Aldershot, Hampshire) is a British para-athlete.
She is one of two women, along with Bieke Ketelbuters, who competed on wheelchair rugby teams at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Grimes became disabled after a diving accident at a friend's swimming pool.
She attempted to sue over the matter but was unsuccessful.
She trains 12 hours a week.
She considers herself positive and was surprised to be named to the British team.
Grimes began playing wheelchair rugby in 2008.
Grimes competed for Great Britain at the following championship events:Greg Young (planner)
Dr Greg Young, MPIA, MICOMOS is an Australian specialist on culture, planning and governance whose cultural and planning models and theories are internationally influential.
He was born in Hobart, Tasmania and received his BA (Hons) from the University of Tasmania, an MA from the University of Sydney, and a PhD from the University of New South Wales.
He also holds a Diploma of Urban Studies from Macquarie University, Sydney.
He has held academic appointments with Australian universities, senior consulting roles in the private sector and executive appointments with Australian governments as an interdisciplinary strategist, planner, historian and advocate.
He is currently Adjunct Professor in the Business School, University of Technology Sydney (UTS), Australia.
Greg Young coined the term "culturization" and developed a concept and model for "culturized" planning first outlined in ‘The "Culturization" of "Planning’ Planning Theory" 2008 and then with illustrated global case studies in "Reshaping Planning with Culture 2008".
"Culturized governance" is outlined in his chapters in "The Ashgate Research Companion to Planning and Culture" for which he was Principal Editor.
At its most fundamental "culturization" means the positive integration of culture in planning, broader governance and social uptake.
The concept is encompassed by an umbrella cultural paradigm for governance and planning outlined in the same publication.
From the 1980s onwards Greg Young contributed to a number of key, pioneering strategies in Australia on culture including the NSW Government system of heritage studies, the NSW Cultural Tourism Strategy (1991), Australia’s first national cultural policy Creative Nation and the Australian Government’s model for cultural mapping published as Mapping Culture – A Guide for Cultural and Economic Development in Communities.
His culturised model for planning is utilized in planning teaching, research and governance internationally based on a comprehensive concept of culture and holistic research using critical, creative, ethical and reflective standards, techniques and approaches.
Young, G. and Stevenson, D. eds.
2016.
The Routledge Research Companion to Planning and Culture.
Abingdon, Oxford: Routledge.
Young, G. 2016.
Reshaping Planning with Culture.
Abingdon, Oxford: Routledge.
Young, G. 2008.
‘The Culturisation of Planning’, Planning Theory, 7(1), 71-91.
Young, G., Clark, I. and Sutherland, J.
1995.
Mapping Culture – A Guide for Cultural and Economic Development in Communities.
Canberra: AGPS.
Young, G. 1984.
Conservation, History and Development.
Sydney: NSW GIS.
Young, G. 1984.
Environmental Conservation – Towards a Philosophy.
Sydney: NSW Heritage Council.George Sewell (physician)
George Sewell (died 1726) was an English physician and poet, known as a controversialist and hack writer.
Born at Windsor, was the eldest son of John Sewell, treasurer and chapter-clerk to the dean and canons of Windsor.
He was educated at Eton College: his poem of "The Favorite, a simile" embodies reminiscences of his Eton life.
He then went to Peterhouse, Cambridge, and graduated B.A.
in 1709; for a time he studied medicine under Hermann Boerhaave at the University of Leiden, and about July 1725 he took the degree of M.D.
at the University of Edinburgh.
Sewell practised at first in London, but little success.
He then moved to Hampstead, but encountered competition from other physicians.
Under financial pressure he became a booksellers' hack, publishing numerous poems, translations, and political and other pamphlets.
Sewell died of consumption at Hampstead, in poverty, on 8 February 1726.
On 12 February he was given a pauper's funeral.
In early life Sewell inclined to Toryism, and was a bitter critic of Gilbert Burnet, whom he attacked in five pamphlets (1713–1715).
His animosity extended to the bishop's son, Thomas Burnet (1694–1753), and he brought out anonymously in 1715 a satirical "True Account of the Life and Writings of Thomas Burnet".
Sewell also wrote in the Tory interest "Remarks upon a Pamphlet intituled [Observations upon the State of the Nation]" (anon.)
1713 (3rd edit., 1714); and "Schism destructive of the Government: a Defense of the Bill for preventing the Growth of Schism"; 2nd edit.
1714, in which he answered the arguments of Sir Richard Steele.
Afterwards Sewell attached himself to Sir Robert Walpole, and issued "The Resigners vindicated: by a Gentleman", 1718.
It went through four editions in that year, and was succeeded by "The Resigners, Part ii.
and last", 1718.
Sewell's best-known literary work was his "Tragedy of Sir Walter Raleigh, as it is acted at the Theatre in Lincoln's Inn Fields", 1719; 5th edit.
with a new scene (and prefatory verses from Amhurst and others), 1722; 6th edit.
1745.
The author traded on the national hatred of Spain.
James Quin played the part of the hero in this piece, which was produced on 16 January 1719, and was often repeated.
It was revived for one night at Drury Lane, 14 December 1789.
Sewell contrived to link his name with those of many prominent writers of this period.
Verses by him are in Matthew Prior's "Collection of Poems", 1709.
He twice defended Joseph Addison's "Cato" in pamphlets issued in 1713 and 1716.
He wrote the preface for Addison's "Miscellanies in Verse and Prose", 1725, which include two translations by him (the "Puppet-show", and "The Barometer", pp.
29–32).
A copy of verses by him was added to "Sir Richard Steele's Recantation".
Sewell had a principal part in the fifth volume of "The Tatler", sometimes called "The spurious Tatler", which was edited by William Harrison, and in the ninth or "spurious" volume of "The Spectator".
He wrote a "Life and Character" of John Philips (2nd edit.
1715; 3rd edit.
1720), which was also issued with the works of Philips, and down to 1760 was often reprinted.
To Alexander Pope's edition of Shakespeare (1725) Sewell added a seventh volume.
To George Cheyne's "History of Himself" (1743, pp.
44–49) was added Sewell's account of Archibald Pitcairne, of whose "Dissertationes medicae" Sewell issued a translation with John Theophilus Desaguliers in 1717.
He assisted in the translation of Ovid's "Metamorphoses" (1717), which was projected in competition with that of Samuel Garth, even if Sewell addressed him as "his dear friend" in a poem in his "New Collection" (anon.
), 1720.
He contributed to, and probably supervised, a volume of "Sacred Miscellanies" (circa 1713), and he prepared in 1717 an edition of the "Poems" of Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey.
Others publications were:
Posthumous were: "Tragedy of King Richard I", "Essays and Poems", 1728; edited by his brother, Gregory Sewell.
Some of his poems are in John Nichols's "Collection", and in Bell's "Fugitive Poetry".
Long letters to and from him are in the correspondence of John Dennis (1721), and in the works of Aaron Hill (1753).
His own verses, prophetic of his death, are cited in Thomas Campbell's "Specimens of the British Poets" (1841, p. 345).J. M. Chapman House
The J. M. Chapman House at 10 Rockledge in Montclair, Essex County, New Jersey, United States was built in 1907.
It was designed by architect A.F.
Norris.
It has also been known as Perez House.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The house at 10 Rockledge was featured in "American Homes & Gardens" June 1908 edition.
The home was designed after a cover of the magazine published a rendering of a stately English country home.
People wrote the magazine asking for the floor plans, but none existed.
Mr. J. M. Chapman commissioned A.F.
Norris, Architect.
Completed in 1907, it was featured in the June 1908 edition of American Homes and Gardens.
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:American_Homes_and_Gardens_Magazine_Cover_-_January_1906.jpg
https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:American_Homes_and_Gardens_Magazine_article_-_June_1908.jpgS. Vanajah
Siva Vanajah (born March 2, 1971 in Kulim, Malaysia) is a Malaysian engineer and one of the finalist of the Malaysian Angkasawan program, a program to send a Malaysian to the International Space Station.
An ethnic Indian, she was the only woman among four finalists who outlasted 11,000 other Malaysians that applied for the astronaut selection process in 2003, ultimately losing her bid to Sheikh Muszaphar Shukor and Faiz Khaleed.
All the four finalists were sent to Moscow for training by the Russian Space Agency.Vorkuta River
The Vorkuta () is a river in Komi Republic, Russia.
It is a right tributary of the Usa.Derby Cycle
Derby Cycle AG, based in Cloppenburg, Germany is one of the three largest manufacturers of bicycles in Europe.
During the 2010/11 fiscal year derby employed 756 people.
Derby Cycle has a 14% market share in Germany.
The Derby Cycle AG is listed in the Prime Standard of the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Derby Cycle Corporation has roots in Luxembourg-based Derby International Corp. SA, a company that had purchased Raleigh Bicycle Company in April 1987.
The Derby Cycle Corporation was acquired by chief Alan Finden-Crofts, former chief of Dunlop Slazenger, and attorney Ed Gottesman, from Tube Investments (TI) for £18 million, plus £14 million in assumed debt.
In 1988, Derby Group acquired the "Kalkhoff" brand from the insolvent Neue Kalkhoff Werke GmbH & Co.
KG., creating the German subsidiary Derby Cycle Werke GmbH ("Derby Cycle Werke").
Kalkhoff had been founded in Oldenburg in 1919.
In 1992, Derby Holding (Deutschland) GmbH was established, incorporating Derby Cycle Werke and Raleigh Fahrräder GmbH.
Derby Cycle sought U.S. bankruptcy protection on August 20, 2001.
The management of Derby International, now Derby Group, acquired Derby Cycle Corporation and renamed it Raleigh Cycle Ltd.
In November 2007, Kalkhoff took over the insolvent Derby Cycle Werke's Kynast works in Quakenbrück.
The initial public offering followed the successful restructuring of the Frankfurt subsidiary Finatem on 4 February 2011.
The Dutch Accell Group launched a failed takeover attempt in late 2011.
Instead, Derby Cycle became part of the Dutch Pon Holdings.
The following brands and trademarks are currently under the umbrella of Derby Cycle Works:
Current Brands:
The former brands:Étienne Chouard
Étienne Chouard (born 21 December 1956) is a French high school teacher, blogger, and controversial political activist.
During the 2005 French referendum campaign on the European Constitution he gained public attention by advocating against it, notably for his discussion with Dominique Strauss-Kahn.
Since then Chouard – who defines himself as a "seeker of the original cause of social injustices" – has been working on different democratic systems and constitutions.
He is a supporter of the idea of sortition which could also be applied to constitutional conventions.
In 2013, Chouard wrote and put on a play entitled "Debt Explained to My Banker".
In 2018-2019, during the Yellow vests movement, Chouard was frequently mentioned at the roundabouts and became a genuine thought leader for many yellow vests.
This increasing popularity led to a re-examination of his long advocacy for direct democracy, and also of positive statements he had made about several right-wing conspiracy theorists, such as Alain Soral, Anthony Sutton, Jacques Cheminade, Eustace Mullins, or Thierry Meyssan, and the relationship he has maintained with them.Jürgen Simon
Jürgen Simon (10 January 1938 – 26 October 2003) was a German cyclist.
He won the silver medal in the Men's Tandem Sprint, 2000 metres at the 1960 Summer OlympicsLondon railway station (disambiguation)
London railway stations of the London station group include 18 mainline stations serving central London.
London railway station may also refer toMetropolitan Edison Building
Metropolitan Edison Building is a historic office building located at Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
It was built in 1926-1927, and is a 12-story, "L"-shaped, steel frame building faced with Indiana limestone, brick, and terra cotta reflective of the Chicago style.
It stands 150 feet tall.
A five-story addition was completed in 1956.
The building measures 119 feet, 8 inches, by 169 feet, 6 inches.
It was the original home of the Metropolitan Edison Company, Gilbert-Commonwealth, and the CNA Insurance Company.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.Plataplochilus
Plataplochilus is a genus of poeciliid fishes native to Middle Africa.
There are currently six recognized species in this genus:Marek Bajan
Marek Bajan (born 29 July 1956) is a Polish modern pentathlete.
He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.James T. Thompson
Alderman James T. Thompson, (1849–1921) was the Mayor of Birkenhead, England 1899.
During his time in office, he earned many presentation pieces, several of which were sold at the Bonhams, at Chester, on 4 September 2012.Jan Olesiński
Jan Olesiński (born 26 September 1956) is a former Polish modern pentathlete.
He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
He currently lives in Roswell, New Mexico, and coaches cross country, track, swimming and pentathlon at New Mexico Military Institute in Roswell New Mexico.Didier Diderot
Didier Diderot (14 September 1685 in Langres - 3 June 1759 ibid) was a French craftsman and the father of the encyclopedist, author, philosopher of enlightenment Denis Diderot.
Didier Diderot descended from families of local craftsmen from the city of Langres, Champagne.
His father, Denis Diderot (1654–1726), senior, was a master craftsman, or rather a knife forgemaster, "maître coutelier", and his mother was Nicole Beligné (1655–1692).
On 20 June 1679 both had married.
Nicole Beligné was born on 1655 as the daughter of a wealthy artisan family.
Her father was François Beligné (1625–1697) who was also knife blacksmith, her mother was Catherine Grassot.
From his father-in-law Beligné Didier Diderot adopted the labeling of their own products: a pearl, "la perle".
Didier (compare also Desiderius of Langres) had five brothers - but Didier was the second son - and one sister; these were Antoine Thomas (1682–1755), Claude (1687–1689), François (born 1688), Felix (born 1689) and Didier (born 1690) and Catherine Diderot (born 1690).
Didier Diderot married on 19 January 1712 in Chassigny Angélique Vigneron (12 October 1677 - 1 October 1748).
She was the daughter of the tanner, "tanneur" François Vigneron (died in 1679) and Jeanne Aramite Humblot (died in 1710) from Langres.
Didier Diderot was close to the Jansenism.
Later they had three sons and four daughters, one son died shortly after his birth in 1712, followed by Denis (1713–1784) and Didier-Pierre (1722–1787), the canon of Langres, "Langres chanoine écrivain" (see also Roman Catholic Diocese of Langres) and the sisters Denise (1715–1797), Catherine (1716–1718), Catherine (born 1719) and Angélique Diderot (born 1720).
Angélique Diderot joined the ursulines.
The family lived around the year 1713 in the center of Langres, "Place Chambeau" today the "n ° 9 de la place dans le center ville de Langres", a place that now bears the name of Denis Diderot.
Didier Diderot was a specialist in the manufacture of medical and surgical cutting instruments, and his lancets were sought after by teaching doctors.List of plants known as oil palm
Oil palm refers to several palms that yield oil from fruit pulp and seeds, primarily
but also:2012 Ningbo Challenger – Men's Singles
Lu Yen-hsun was the defending champion.<br>
Peter Gojowczyk won the title, defeating Suk-Young Jeong 6–3, 6–1 in the final.Marcello Bartalini
Marcello Bartalini (born 12 March 1962) is an Italian cyclist.
He won the gold medal in Men's team time trial in the 1984 Summer OlympicsOur Day Will Come (film)
Our Day Will Come () is a French 2010 drama film co-written and directed by Romain Gavras.
It stars Vincent Cassel, who is also one of the producers.
Rémy (Barthélémy) is a red-headed teenage outcast living in north-western France.
He meets the troubled psychiatrist Patrick (Cassel) and together they set off on a voyage with no predetermined destination in their newly acquired red Porsche.
They decide to go to Ireland on the assumption that redheads are well treated there.
Based on 7 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an overall approval rating from critics of 43%, with an average score of 4.9/10.
Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" gave it 2/5 and called it "a road movie that runs out of road – and out of ideas."Adzva River
The Adz'va () is a river in Komi Republic, Russia.
It is a right tributary of the Usa.Stirling (Reading, Pennsylvania)
Stirling is a historic mansion located at Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
It was built between 1890 and 1892, and is a three-story, 24-room, Châteauesque style dwelling.
It was designed by noted Philadelphia architect Theophilus Parsons Chandler, Jr. (1845-1928) and built for industrialist James Hervey Sternbergh.
It is constructed of squared granite ashlar and features a number of eclectic decorative elements including tall chimneys with decorated caps, a balustraded verandah, steeply pitched gable roofs, and roof dormers.
It is now occupied by a bed and breakfast.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.Cezar Răducanu
Cezar Răducanu (born 21 May 1958) is a Romanian modern pentathlete.
He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.1961 Brussels Grand Prix
The 1961 Brussels Grand Prix was a motor race set to Formula One rules, held on 9 April 1961 at Heysel Park, Belgium.
The race was run in three "heats" of 22 laps each and the times were aggregated.
The race was won by Australian driver Jack Brabham in a Cooper T53.Gyula Galovici
Gyula Galovici (born 9 March 1956) is a Romanian modern pentathlete.
He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.Umunna
Umunna may refer to:Faculty of Economics Podgorica
The University of Montenegro Faculty of Economics (Montenegrin: Ekonomski fakultet Univerziteta Crne Gore "Економски факултет Универзитета Црне Горе") is one of the educational institutions of the University of Montenegro.
The building is located in Podgorica, next to the Faculty of Law and the Faculty of Political Sciences building.
The Podgorica School of Economics is Montenegro's leading educational institution in business end economics.
The Faculty of Economics was founded in 1960, and is the oldest institution of higher education in Montenegro.
It was a part of the University of Belgrade until April 29, 1974, when the "Agreement on Association into the University of Titograd" (today's University of Montenegro) was signed with the representatives of the Faculty of Law, the Faculty of Engineering, the Teaching College from Nikšić, the Maritime Studies College from Kotor and three independent scientific institutes from Titograd.
The curriculum of undergraduate studies at the Faculty comprises eight courses:
The curriculum of postgraduate studies at the Faculty comprises only one course: "Entrepreneurial Economy".
Some of the school's renowned students and professors include:Peter Wanner Mansion
Peter Wanner Mansion, also known as "Mount Penn Home" is a historic mansion located at Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
The house is situated at the base of Mount Penn overlooking the city of Reading.
It was built in 1889, and is a "T"-plan, 2 1/2-story, dwelling in the Late Victorian style.
It is constructed of squared, rectangular limestone and features a stone segmental arched portal, broad front porch, and 4 1/2-story central frame tower.
It was converted into apartments in the 1930s or 1940s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.Miss Brasil 2012
The Miss Brasil 2012 was the 58th edition of the Miss Brasil pageant, was held in Fortaleza on September 29, 2012.
The winner was Gabriela Markus who has represented your home country in the 2012 Miss Universe pageant.
Twenty six delegates from each state and the Federal District competed for the crown.
Current titleholder, Priscila Machado of Rio Grande do Sul, crowned her successor at the end of the event.Claudio Vandelli
Claudio Vandelli is an Italian cyclist.
He won the gold medal in Men's team time trial at the 1984 Summer OlympicsNumaga
Numaga ( 1830 – 5 November 1871) was a Paiute leader during the Paiute War of 1860 that centered on Pyramid Lake in what is now Nevada in the United States.
The war was caused by an influx of miners and ranchers after silver was discovered in the Comstock Lode near to Carson City.
The newcomers assaulted the Paiutes and destroyed their foods supplies.
When the Paiutes responded, the U.S. Army used force to suppress them.
Both before and after the war, Numaga was a strong advocate of peace and did much to reduce the violence on both sides.
He died of tuberculosis, a "white man's disease", in 1871.
The Paiute traditionally followed a hunting and gathering lifestyle in the Great Basin region that covers most of modern-day Nevada and western Utah, extending north into Oregon and bounded on the west by the Sierra Nevada in California.
Temperatures range from extreme heat in the summer to bitter cold in the winter.
The land is semi-arid, with vegetation ranging from dense coniferous forests on the mountains surrounding the basin, to thinner woodlands lower down, giving way to grasslands and then to bunch grass, sage brush and scrub on the basin floor, with barren areas of gravel or alkali flats.
The Paiutes had no central government, but lived in bands of around a hundred people who would occupy a territory of about .
The Paiute migrated with the seasons, living in temporary huts built of willow poles covered with brush and reeds.
They lived on shoots and roots, fruit, fish, ducks, lizards, grubs and insects.
In fall, pine nuts from the piñon trees in the hills were an essential foodstuff.
In winter the Paiute hunted game in the lowlands, particularly rabbits.
Numaga was born sometime around 1830.
He was said by some to be the son of Chief Winnemucca (also called Po-i-to) and brother of Sarah Winnemucca.
Sarah Winnemucca wrote that he was her cousin.
Another source says he was no relative of Poito, and the two were never friendly.
Numaga was called "Young Winnemucca" by the whites, or sometimes just "Winnemucca".
Numaga was at least six feet tall, a man of great physical strength with a quiet dignity which gave him an air of superiority.
A soldier who saw him in August 1860 said, "In appearance he is all that romance could desire, deep-chested and strong-limbed, with a watchful, earnest expression of countenance, indicative of graver thought and study [than is] common to the aboriginal race."
Early contacts between the Paiutes and white fur trappers and traders were friendly, but the Northern Paiute became more hostile after the California gold rush began in 1848 and brought large numbers of miners and immigrants into their lands.
Numaga picked up English while working for several seasons as a field hand for the Mission Fathers in the Santa Clara Valley of California.
Through his evident sincerity, intellect, eloquence and courage Numaga gained considerable stature among the Paiute,
and was viewed by the whites as their leader, although he did not have this official standing.
In 1859, the news broke that silver had been found in the huge Comstock Lode in Washoe, a region that was then in the western part of Utah Territory, and that would soon become the territory of Nevada.
Hordes of miners flooded to the mining center of Virginia City, near to Carson City.
They cut down pinyon trees to make fuel for ore-processing, destroying the pine-nut "orchards" that were essential to the Paiute food economy.
Hunters and trappers took big game, fish and waterfowl to feed the miners.
Ranchers moved into the fertile valleys, cutting off access to places where nuts, roots and seeds could be gathered.
In the late fall of 1859, two miners were killed in the mountains and were found with arrows in their bodies.
Their money had been stolen but not their clothing or supplies,
making it questionable whether Indians were responsible since the indigenous people did not yet have a money economy.
Major William Ormsby asked for help in finding the culprits from Chief Winnemucca (Poito).
He was friendly with Poito, whose daughter Sarah and her younger sister were staying in his house to be educated in English and in reading and writing.
Two days later, one hundred Paiute warriors swathed in rabbit-skin clothing rode into Carson City, led by Chief Natchez and Chief Numaga.
Natchez, son of Chief Winnemucca, was the peace-chief at that time and Numaga was the war-chief.
Numaga agreed to help.
He sent five men to the camp of the Washoe leader Captain Jim to ask him to give up the guilty men, since the arrows had been made by Washoes.
Eventually, under protest, Captain Jim sent two men to stand trial in order to avoid reprisals on his people.
They were shot dead in Numaga's presence by a mob of angry whites.
The indigenous people of the region, including the Paiutes and Washoes, were threatened by starvation in the winter of 1859–1860.
There were growing numbers of fights between whites and Indians.
The Paiutes gathered at Pyramid Lake towards the end of April 1860 for a conference on how to deal with the encroachments of the white men.
Most of the leaders spoke out for war.
Winnemucca (Poito), the most senior leader at the assembly, appeared to be in favor of war but refrained from taking a public position.
Myron Angel, in his 1881 "History of Nevada", said that Numaga was the only chief who spoke in favor of peace.
From his experience with the whites in California, Numaga was more aware of their resources than most of his audience.
He agreed that the white men had greatly wronged the Indians, but pointed out that the whites would be bound to win any war.
He argued that a peaceful course would be wiser, letting the Indians keep their ancestral lands.
While Numaga was speaking, a group of Indians arrived and brought news of an incident that had just happened at Williams Station.
After hearing what had taken place, Numaga said, "There is no longer any use for counsel; we must prepare for war, for the soldiers will now come here to fight us."
The tipping point came on 12 May 1860.
Five employees of Williams Station, a Pony Express post on the Carson River, captured and raped two Northern Paiute women.
A band of Northern Paiutes attacked the post, killed the men and freed the women.
Major William Ormsby collected a force of 105 volunteers from Virginia city who went out to bury the dead white men, and then punish the Paiutes at Pyramid Lake.
The Paiutes led by Numaga lured this force into a dangerous position.
The volunteers were poorly armed with handguns against the Indians' long-range rifles, and were outmaneuvered in what turned from a confident advance into a desperate defense.
Most of the whites were killed, including Ormsby, in what is now known as the Battle of Pyramid Lake.
In all, seventy-six of Ormsby's volunteers died and most of the rest were wounded, saved only by the coming of nightfall.
The defeat by the despised Indians had a devastating effect on white morale.
An army officer arriving in the region just after the battle found a scene of chaos and some panic, with trains of people returning to California to avoid the Indians.
Volunteers were armed and mustered to counter the danger from an estimated 15,000 well-armed and well-mounted "Pah Utes, Shishones and Pitt River Indians."
Since the Indians had assembled at Pyramid Lake there had been "daily news of massacres by the red villains."
Colonel Jack Hays, a former Texas Ranger, was given command of the United States forces.
Hays mustered a force of over 750 soldiers and volunteers, who set out from California on 2 June 1860.
Hays fought the Paiutes in two skirmishes near Pyramid Lake.
Neither was decisive, but the Indians sustained sufficient injuries to destroy Numaga's loosely coordinated command structure.
The bands dispersed into the Black Rock and Smoke Creek deserts and the surrounding hills.
Some travelled further into Oregon, Idaho and Washington Territory.
The war petered out.
U.S. troops built a temporary fort near Pyramid Lake, then moved to the more permanent Fort Churchill, which guarded the wagon trail from the east.
One man was killed in a U.S. scouting expedition around Pyramid Lake.
There was a minor skirmish with a group of soldiers under Frederick W. Lander, an Army engineer.
Lander was establishing watering holes and building a wagon road through the Black Rock Desert.
To him, the Indian hostilities were a distraction from the job at hand, and he initiated a truce with Numaga that turned into a lasting peace.
Lander's assistant commissary agent captured five Northern Paiute near the Humboldt River.
He released two of them in exchange for a promise that they would return with their leader, Naanah.
Lander and Neenah met on 12 August, and they agreed that Naanah would bring Numaga to a meeting at a place called Deep Hole Springs, Nevada.
On 21 August 1860 Numaga met with Lander at the agreed location, and after eating food prepared by Lander's men the two men smoked for a while.
Lander opened the negotiation by saying he could relay Numaga's grievances to the "Great Father" in Washington, but could make no promises.
Numaga said he was pleased to hear no promises, because the whites had never kept any promises they had made in the past.
He said he could not guarantee being able to prevent attacks by roaming bands of Paiutes, any more than the "Great Father" had shown he was able to prevent whites from killing Indians.
He said that the violence was due to the hostile attitude of whites, who had ravaged Paiute women and killed their men without cause.
He disclaimed responsibility for the Williams Station incident, which he blamed on a group of Bannocks over whom he had no authority.
However, he said that if the whites had come to him afterwards to discuss the problem, as had been agreed by treaty, there would have been no need for fighting.
Lander asked Numaga to try to restrain the Paiutes from hostilities for a year, and he would try to arrange a treaty under which they would retain possession of the lands they held and regain possession or be paid for lands that had been seized from them.
Numaga accepted this.
He said he would try to bring Poito to meet with Frederick Dodge, the Indian agent, to arrange a formal truce.
The informal treaty between Numaga and Lander was effective.
In 1862, Winnemucca (Poito) and four hundred warriors in full regalia gave a ceremonial welcome at Pyramid Lake to James W. Nye, the first governor of the newly created Nevada Territory.
Although intermittent fighting continued in later years, Numaga and Poito did not participate.
In 1863 Numaga came to the town of Como, near Virginia City, to issue a formal complaint against the destruction of pine-nut trees.
He explained that the "pine-nut groves were the Indian's orchards", and they depended on them for food.
The whites could collect fallen timber, but must not cut down the trees.
Numaga was ignored.
Later in the day, some unknown Indians arrived in town, causing rumors that hostiles were gathering and preparing to attack.
With mounting tension, two citizens met at dusk,
In March 1865 two white men were killed on Walker River by Indians whom they had mistreated, and later two more white men were killed in separate incidents.
Settlers were alarmed.
The "Gold Hill News" recommended a "final solution of the great Indian problem: by exterminating the whole race, or driving them forever beyond our frontier."
A contingent of troops under a young and inexperienced leader was dispatched from Fort Churchill.
They heard of an encampment of cattle thieves beside Mud Lake, also called Winnemucca Lake, near to Pyramid Lake.
Before dawn on 14 March 1865, the contingent opened fire on the Paiute camp.
Twenty-nine Paiutes were killed, with the troops suffering one minor injury.
At first, the Battle of Mud Lake was applauded in the press, although doubts were later raised about the lack of army injuries.
In an effort to prevent escalating violence, Governor Henry G. Blasdel requested a conference at Fort Churchill with the Paiute chiefs.
Numaga reported what had actually happened.
There had been cattle thieves in the camp, but they had left before the soldiers arrived.
Apart from three or four men, there had only been women and children in the camp, including Poito's wives, who had been killed.
Some women had jumped in the water to escape.
Those who had not drowned had been shot.
Numaga said the violence could easily have been avoided.
If the whites had asked him, he would have delivered the cattle thieves to them.
The Virginia City "Daily Union" reported on the council.
Captain Wells, the army leader, had said his men had killed Smoke Creek Indians in a "stubborn and sanguinary" fight between equal forces.
He had then destroyed the Indians' arms.
He made no mention of any women being killed.
There were many discrepancies between this report and the testimony of Numaga, who was highly respected by the whites.
The reporter questioned why Wells had destroyed the arms, which would have made valuable trophies of the battle, but said "his command did bring in some trophies of that battle".
He quoted from an article in the "Territorial Enterprise":
In the period between 1864 and 1868 there was ongoing violence between miners and settlers and the "Snake Indians", bands of Northern Paiutes, Bannocks and Shoshones in the Snake River and Owyhee River valleys of southern Idaho and Eastern Oregon.
The hostilities are sometimes called the Snake War.
An army expedition in May 1866 was ineffective and Indians raids, thefts and killings continued.
Around 20 June 1866, General Henry Halleck, commander of the Military Division of the Pacific, arrived at Fort Churchill with a large entourage.
He was visited by many Paiutes from the Truckee and Walker River reservations.
Numaga was the main speaker, professing friendship for the whites but presenting the Indian grievances.
The warriors who had accompanied Numaga put on an impressive display of horsemanship.
Numaga said that he would take all the Indian prisoners whom Halleck had captured back to the Truckee Reservation, where he would keep watch on them.
The Indians received a supply of rations.
Numaga died of tuberculosis on 5 November 1871 near Wadsworth, Nevada.Wilhelm Mansion and Carriage House
Wilhelm Mansion and Carriage House is a historic mansion and carriage house located at Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
The house was built in 1877, and is a three-story, dwelling in the Gothic Revival style.
A two-room addition was built in 1888.
It is constructed of granite and measures 40 feet wide and 50 feet deep.
It features a multi-gabled roof, four corbelled chimneys, and art glass windows.
The two-story, granite carriage house was built in 1890.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.Lantern tower
In architecture, the lantern tower is a tall construction above the junction of the four arms of a cruciform (cross-shaped) church, with openings through which light from outside can shine down to the crossing.
Many lantern towers are usually octagonal, and gives an extra dimension to the decorated interior of the dome.
An affiliated term is the Italian tiburio, derived from the latin-derived word of "tiburium" which reflects the often polygonal lantern atop a dome.
It is often interspersed with windows both to lighten the load and allow for light to shine.Assaf Abu Rahhal
Assaf Abu Rahhal (; 18 December 1955 – 3 August 2010) was a veteran Lebanese journalist who was killed by the Israeli Defense Forces during the 2010 Israel–Lebanon border clash, in which an Israeli reserve lieutenant colonel was killed and a captain was shot and injured by Lebanese sniper fire.
According to Reporters Without Borders, Abu Rahhal was the first Lebanese journalist killed since 2006 when Lebanese and Israeli forces clashed.
He was one of five people to die in the incident, which received international attention and scrutiny, but he was the only journalist killed.
Assaf Abu Rahhal was a native of Kfeir, Hasbaya District, Lebanon.
He was married and a father of three.
He died in Adaisseh, Lebanon, while reporting for his newspaper, as a result of Israeli military fire.
Final services were held at Saint George Roman Orthodox Church in Kfeir for the deceased.
The village of Adaisseh commemorated Abu Rahhal's death on the second anniversary of his death.
Abu Rahhal worked for the "Al Akhbar" daily newspaper for four years where he was covering southern Lebanon.
Before that he was a journalist with "Al-Mustaqbal", an Arabic daily newspaper, and he sometimes wrote for "Shu’un Janoubiah" magazine.
The dispute began around noon on 3 August 2010 when Israeli forces began to dig up a tree at the border between Misgav Am, Israel and Adaisseh, Lebanon.
The United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon had given the Israelis permission to do the maintenance.
The Lebanese claimed the Israelis had crossed border in conducting this work.
The Israelis disputed this claim, and the UN Peacekeeping force also dismissed the border crossing claim.
Lebanese sniper fire ensued.
Both sides agree that the Lebanese issued a verbal warning prior to the shooting and the Israelis stood their ground and claimed they were on Israeli territory.
After an Israeli reserve lieutenant colonel was killed and a captain was shot and injured, the Israelis responded to the sniper fire from the Lebanese side of the border.
UN forces intervened to bring a halt to the armed conflict.
Reporters Without Borders said the Israelis wanted to install a surveillance camera on the site of the tree.
This was the first armed incident since 2006 Lebanon War and a violation of the UN Resolution 1701 to prevent further conflict.
In all, one Israeli officer, three Lebanese soldiers and Lebanese journalist Abu Rahhal were killed in the incident.
In addition one Israeli officer was wounded and on the Lebanese side four soldiers were wounded and Lebanese TV reporter Shoaib.
The killing of Abu Rahhal was condemned by Irina Bokova, who is the director-general of UNESCO: "I am deeply concerned about the circumstances in which Assaf Abu Rahhal was killed and his colleague Ali Shoaib injured ...
I would further underline that freedom of expression, a fundamental human right, implies the possibility of exercising this right in safety.
Armed forces are obligated to respect it."
Lebanon's Syndicate of Photographers and the Maharat Foundation condemned the attack.
The French-based Reporters Without Borders said Abu Rahhal's death was due to an "Israeli military blunder."
Al-Akhbar editor Omar Nashabe said, "It is totally unacceptable that a civilian, a dedicated journalist, husband and father, be targeted and killed while the international community and UN troops [in southern Lebanon] stand by idly."
News reports contradict the charge that Abu Rahhal was targeted.
According to the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists, the following Lebanese and Israeli journalists have died along the Israeli-Lebanese border in addition to Assaf Abu Rahhal: Ahmed Haidar of Al-Manar died in 1993; Ilan Roeh of Israeli radio died in 1999.
Layal Najib, a freelance photographer, died in the border dispute in 2006.
She was the last journalist to have been killed before Abu Rahhal.
The shooting of Lebanese TV journalist Ali Shabaan by Syrian forces on the Lebanese-Syrian border 9 April 2012 stirred up memories of Abu Rahhal at "Al-Akhbar".
Shabaan was the next journalist after Abu Rahhal to have been killed near the Lebanese border.American War Memorial, Gibraltar
The American War Memorial (also known as the American Steps or more formally the Naval Monument at Gibraltar) is a World War I memorial in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
It was built for the American Battle Monuments Commission in 1933, and incorporated into the main city wall, the Line Wall Curtain.
It commemorated the successful alliance of the United States and the United Kingdom in their naval exploits in the vicinity of Gibraltar during the Great War.
The monument was inaugurated in 1937.
Sixty-one years later, in November 1998, the monument was the site of another unveiling ceremony, that of a bronze plaque which commemorated the World War II Allied invasion of North Africa, Operation Torch.
That unveiling ceremony was one of a number of events that weekend whose guests included dignitaries from the United Kingdom and the United States.
The American War Memorial "(pictured at right)" is a World War I naval monument located near the north end of Line Wall Road in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar, at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula.
More formally known as the Naval Monument at Gibraltar, the memorial and steps were incorporated into the Line Wall Curtain at Prince Albert's Front giving pedestrians access to the lower Reclamation Road, Fish Market Lane, and Queensway.
The steps connected the town above with the Royal Navy facilities below.
The monument was designed by architect Paul Philippe Cret (1876 – 1945), a native of France who was a professor at the University of Pennsylvania.
Cret "(pictured at right)" designed the memorial on behalf of the American Battle Monuments Commission.
It was constructed between 1932 and 1933.
The inscription "(link below)" over the arch of the memorial indicates that it was "erected by the United States of America to commemorate the achievements and comradeship of the American and British Navies in this vicinity during the World War."
On the other side of the masonry arch are two bronze medallions "(pictured below)" depicting the seals of the United States and of its Department of the Navy.
The dolomitic limestone utilised in the construction of the monument came from the Rock of Gibraltar.
The memorial is an example of the successful incorporation of a relatively recent work into older, existing architecture.
The formal dedication took place in October 1937, when an American contingent from the American Battle Monuments Commission arrived on the cruiser "Raleigh".
On the morning of 7 October, Rear Admiral Arthur Philip Fairfield (1877 – 1946), of "Raleigh", gave the inaugural address on behalf of General John Joseph "Black Jack" Pershing (1860 – 1948).
Other speakers included General Sir Charles Harrington (1872 – 1940), the Governor of Gibraltar; Rear Admiral Alfred Englefield Evans (1884 – 1944), Rear Admiral in charge of Gibraltar; and the American Consul H. O. Williams.
The dedication was attended by other military officials, foreign consuls, and American and British soldiers.
During the unveiling of the monument, the band of the Royal Norfolk Regiment gave renditions of the national anthems of the United States and the United Kingdom.
On 29 October 1960, the Gibraltar Philatelic Bureau issued a stamp "(link below)" in tribute to the American War Memorial at Gibraltar.
On 7 November 1998, the Gibraltar-American Council and the Government of Gibraltar commemorated the anniversary of Operation Torch, the World War II Allied invasion of North Africa, with a bronze plaque "(pictured at left)" at the American War Memorial.
General Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower (1890 – 1969), who was headquartered in Gibraltar, had led the invasion in November 1942.
The plaque was unveiled by the then Chief Minister of Gibraltar Peter Caruana on the steps of the memorial.
Other events that weekend included tree-planting ceremonies at two sites, The Mount and The Convent.
The Eisenhower Centre was inaugurated, with temporary housing in the Garrison Library.
Caruana hosted a lunch at The Mount and a dinner at St. Michael's Cave.
Gold commemorative coins were distributed to some of the guests.
In addition, the Governor hosted a dinner at The Convent.
Overseas guests included Anne Eisenhower Flottl, the granddaughter of President Eisenhower; Winston S. Churchill (1940 – 2010), the grandson of Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill (1874 – 1965); and Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt, the daughter-in-law of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882 – 1945).
Senior officers of the United States Army and Navy also attended the events.
The was at Gibraltar for the anniversary.
Members of the Royal British Legion and veterans of the Gibraltar Defence Force who served during Operation Torch were also invited to the ceremony at the American War Memorial.
The inscription on the plaque at the monument reads:Thomas Burnet (judge)
Thomas Burnet (1694–1753) was an English wit, barrister and judge, from a Scottish-Dutch background.
He was the grandson of the Scottish judge Robert Burnet, Lord Crimond; and third and youngest son of Gilbert Burnet by his second wife, Mrs. Mary Scott, a rich Dutch lady of Scottish extraction.
His mother died in 1698: two years later his father remarried her best friend Elizabeth Berkeley, who proved to be a kindly stepmother to Thomas and his siblings.
He was educated at home, entered Merton College, Oxford, and in 1706 went to the University of Leyden, where he remained two years.
Afterwards he travelled in Germany, Switzerland, and Italy, and on his return entered at Middle Temple in 1709.
As a young man Burnet's attention was on Whig politics; he was notorious about London for debauchery and wit.
Jonathan Swift, writing of the Mohocks in 1712, said: "The bishop of Salisbury's son is said to be of the gang; they are all whigs."
His reputation for debauchery caused his father much distress, although there was no permanent estrangement, and Thomas was sincerely grieved by the death of Gilbert, whom he called "the best of fathers", in 1715.
He published many pamphlets, for one of which, "Certain information of a certain discourse", the Whigs, on their accession to power, rewarded him with the consulship at Lisbon, a post he held from 1719 to 1728 There he quarrelled with Charles O'Hara, 1st Baron Tyrawley, the English ambassador, and took revenge by appearing on a great occasion in a plain suit himself, but with lacqueys in suits copied from that which the ambassador was to wear.
Burnet returned to England in late 1728 and was called to the bar in 1729.
He prevailed upon Attorney General Philip Yorke for employment, and was successful in securing a position as Serjeant-at-Law in Easter term 1736, and King's Serjeant in May 1740.
He was appointed a judge of the Court of Common Pleas in October 1741, when William Fortescue became Master of the Rolls.
He was knighted in November 1745, and was a Fellow of the Royal Society.
Burnet died unmarried, at his house in Lincoln's Inn Fields, on 8 January 1753, of gout in the stomach, and was buried near his father at St. James's Church, Clerkenwell.
Some scandal was created by a clause in his will that he "lived as he trusted he should die, in the true faith of Christ as taught in the scriptures, but not in any one visible church that I know of, though I think the Church of England is as little stuffed with the inventions of men as any of them".
His writings were numerous.
To his father's "History of my own Time" he prefixed a life and copy of his will.
He is said to have submitted his father's manuscript to Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough, who made some alterations, and to have curtailed it himself.
The bishop's will had directed that no passages should be omitted, and in the second volume Burnet had promised to deposit the manuscript of both volumes, written by the bishop's amanuensis and corrected throughout by himself, in the Cotton Library; but failed to fulfil his promise.
Others works are:
and a volume of posthumous poems, 1777.
He also wrote in "The Grumbler", and replied to George Granville's vindication of General George Monck against Gilbert Burnet's strictures.Manuel Montesinos
Manuel Montesinos (born 27 August 1957) is a Spanish modern pentathlete.
He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.2012 Copa Sevilla – Singles
Daniel Gimeno-Traver successfully defended his title, defeating Tommy Robredo 6–3, 6–2 in the final.Mississauga Music Walk of Fame
Mississauga Music Walk of Fame was created in Memorial Park in Port Credit, Mississauga, Ontario in 2012.
It was launched during the Southside Shuffle music festival.
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017José Serrano (pentathlete)
José Serrano (born 15 April 1957) is a Spanish modern pentathlete.
He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.Log House, Hiester House and Market Annex
Log House, Hiester House, and Market Annex is a historic building located at Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
The Log House was built about 1760, and is a 1 1/2-story, dwelling measuring 25 feet by 30 feet.
The pine logs are chinked with cut stone and mortar, with notch and saddle corner construction.
The John Hiester House was built about 1820, and is a 2 1/2-story, two-bay brick dwelling measuring 17 feet by 34 feet.
It is located to the rear of the Log House and both were used for commercial activities in the 19th century.
To the rear of the Hiester House is the West Reading Market Annex built in 1895.
It is a brick market house measuring 165 feet long and 30 feet wide.
The complex is the home of The Speckled Hen Cottage Pub and Alehouse.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.Asleep (disambiguation)
Asleep or sleep is a naturally recurring state characterized by reduced or absent consciousness.
Asleep may also refer to:Cartha Doyle
Cartha Doyle [Childress] (born October 12, 1929) is a former infielder who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.
Listed at 5' 5", 130 lb., she batted and threw right handed.
Cartha Doyle saw limited action at second base during her only season in the league.
Born in Knoxville, Tennessee, Doyle attended Young High School in South Knoxville, where she was a member of the basketball squad in her senior year.
She also played basketball and softball in the city league, and was convinced by AAGPBL player Doris Sams to join the league while still in high school.
Doyle made a tryout, and later became one of two hundred players to attend the first AAGPBL spring training outside the United States, which was held in Cuba at Gran Stadium de La Habana before the 1947 season.
She made the grade and was assigned to the Rockford Peaches.
The 17-year-old played briefly for the Peaches, where she earned the knickname ″Duckie″ (a shortening of "duck soup"), which players got called when they were an easy out as a batter.
At the end of the season she married Albert Lee Childress and decided not to go back to the league the following season.
Instead, Cartha played softball in her hometown until 1967.
After that she coached and umpired for a long time, retiring in 1982.
She developed arthritis in both knees and had knee replacement surgery.
Meanwhile, she gave birth to one daughter, Janet, and helped her husband run a family business.
She was widowed in 1975.
Cartha received further recognition in 1988 when she became part of "Women in Baseball", a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York, which was unveiled to honor the entire All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.
She also was inducted into the Knoxville Sports Hall of Fame in 1990.
She currently lives in Maryville, Tennessee.
Batting
FieldingFederico Galera (pentathlete)
Federico Galera (born 17 February 1953) is a Spanish modern pentathlete.
He competed at the 1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics.Hansi Niese
Johanna Niese, known as Hansi Niese (10 November 1875 in Vienna – 4 April 1934) was an Austrian actress.
The self-taught artist was one of the most popular actresses of the monarchy.
Hansi Niese made her debut at age 18 in 1891 in the South Moravian town of Znojmo at the local theater.
Her success story began in 1893 at the Vienna Raimund Theater, where she appeared in the series for six years as a soubrette.
In 1899 she moved to the theater an der Josefstadt.
Soon after, she married Josef Jarno, the director of this theater.
Not only at the various stages of Vienna, but also on tour in Berlin Niese has starred in numerous plays by including Ludwig Anzengruber, Gerhart Hauptmann, Ferenc Molnár, Johann Nestroy, Ferdinand Raimund and Arthur Schnitzler.
She also appeared in several farces and operettas (around 1907 as "Försterchristl" in the eponymous operetta her brother Georg Jarno) and often as a partner of Alexander Girardi.
In the thirties Niese starred in several films, including 1931 in "An Affair" and 1932 in "Hussars love."
At Vienna's Central Cemetery (Group 14 C, Number 4) of the popular actress has dedicated a memorial grave.
In 1935, in Vienna in the 19th Döbling the Hansi Niese Alley and 1955 in the 13 District of Vienna named the Hansi Niese-way to her.Mārtiņš Roze
Mārtiņš Roze (28 September 1964 – 8 September 2012) was a Latvian politician.
From 2002 till 2009 he was Minister for Agriculture of Latvia.
He was member of Latvian Farmers' Union.
He has graduated from University of Latvia.Payoom kongor
Payoom kongor is a boma under Kongor Payam in Twic East County in Jonglei state of South Sudan.
It is located between Pageer and Payombak on the way to Wernyol City a payam headquarters of Lith Payam.
Payoom is a rich agricultural land suitable for sorghum and millet.
It is mainly grassland and therefore a lot of wild games roam the area during the dry splet.Jeff Bradley
Jeff Bradley may refer to:Luke Wilkinson
Luke Alexander Wilkinson (born 29 September 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for club Yeovil Town.
Wilkinson was born in Wells, Somerset.
He started his career in the youth system of Bristol City and was offered a two-year scholarship in June 2007.
He was part of the side that competed in the Premier Academy League.
Wilkinson was released early from his contract with Bristol City at the age of 17 and was offered a trial by Premier League club Portsmouth.
He played in a reserve game against Fulham, in which first-team manager Paul Hart described as the most impressive debut he had seen from any young player.
The reserves remained unbeaten with Wilkinson in defence until the end of the season.
His outstanding form for the reserves earned him a professional contract in July 2009.
In January 2010, he joined League Two club Northampton Town on a one-month loan, however, he failed to make an appearance for the club.
In February 2010, he joined Conference South club Eastleigh on an initial one-month loan, which was later extended until the end of the season.
In the summer of 2010, Wilkinson was released by Portsmouth and signed for newly promoted League One club Dagenham & Redbridge on a three-year contract.
In November 2010, he joined Conference South club Boreham Wood on an initial one-month loan, making his debut in a 3–2 defeat at home to Dover Athletic.
The loan was then extended by a further month, before it was extended once more until the end of the season.
Wilkinson scored his first goal on the final day of 2010–11 in a 3–0 win at home to Lewes and finished the season with 28 appearances.
He rejoined Boreham Wood in August 2011 on a five-month loan.
He was a mainstay in the team, making 25 appearances, the last of which came in a 2–1 defeat at home to Woking on 28 January 2012, before returning to Dagenham at the end of January.
In February 2012, he joined fellow Conference South club Dartford on loan.
In March 2012, his loan was extended until the end of the season after scoring two headers in consecutive wins over Havant & Waterlooville and Sutton United.
He claimed his first piece of silverware as Dartford were promoted to the Conference Premier via their play-off win over Welling United on 13 May 2012.
Wilkinson made his professional debut for Dagenham on 1 September 2012 in a 2–2 draw away to AFC Wimbledon.
He cemented his place in the first-team by scoring four goals, which prompted Daggers manager John Still to offer him a new contract until 2015.
He finished 2012–13 with 46 appearances in all competitions and won the club's Player of the Year award.
This led to reported interest from Premier League clubs Aston Villa and Norwich City.
However, no move materialised and Wilkinson admitted that he needed another few years to develop as a player before making the step up.
Wilkinson's start to the 2013–14 season was delayed by a groin injury picked up in pre-season, before making his return at the end of August in a 3–0 defeat to Mansfield Town.
He went on to make 25 appearances but a combination of further injuries, the form of Scott Doe and Brian Saah, and the late emergence of Ian Gayle resigned Wilkinson to the bench for the majority of the season.
In May 2014, he was placed on the transfer list at his own request and his name was circulated to other clubs highlighting his availability.
In June 2014, he stated he was happy to fight for his place if a move away from the club didn't materialise.
On 7 July 2014, Wilkinson signed for League Two club Luton Town on a one-year contract, managed by his former Dagenham manager John Still, for an undisclosed fee.
He debuted on the opening day of 2014–15 in a 1–0 win away to Carlisle United, Luton's first Football League match in five years.
Wilkinson scored his first goal in a 2–0 win at home to Oxford United on 27 September 2014, and this was followed up with a goal in the following match, a 2–1 win away to Stevenage.
He was named League Two Player of the Month for September 2014, during which Luton kept a clean sheet in each of the four matches Wilkinson played in that month.
Wilkinson was sent off on two occasions, the first coming in stoppage time during a 1–0 defeat away to Burton Albion on 22 November, a result that ended Luton's 11-match unbeaten run in League Two, and the second coming in a 1–0 win at home to Carlisle United on 14 February 2015.
The latter red card coincided with a four match suspension for defensive partner Steve McNulty, who was sent off for a studs-up challenge in the previous match, a 2–2 draw at home to York City.
In their absence, Luton lost twice in a row, during which stand-in defenders Alex Lacey and Fraser Franks failed to impress.
Wilkinson finished the season with four goals from 48 appearances, triggering a one-year contract extension to keep him at Luton until the summer of 2016.
Wilkinson made his first appearance of 2015–16 in the starting lineup away to Accrington Stanley on the opening day of the season, which finished as a 1–1 draw, and followed up with a goal in the following league match, a 2–2 draw at home to Oxford United on 15 August 2015.
He went on to score two goals in September, the first coming in a 3–1 win away to Cambridge United on 5 September, and the second coming in a 3–1 win away to Morecambe on 29 September.
Wilkinson made his final appearance for Luton in a 4–3 defeat at home to Northampton Town on 12 December.
On 22 January 2016, Wilkinson was sold to fellow League Two club Stevenage on a contract until the end of 2015–16, with Luton replacing him with Alan Sheehan, who was signed on loan from Bradford City later that day.
Wilkinson said he was surprised by the decision but was looking forward to helping Stevenage climb the table.
He debuted a day later in a 0–0 draw at home to Barnet.
Wilkinson scored his first two goals for Stevenage in a 3–2 defeat at home to League Two leaders Northampton Town on 19 March.
He finished the season with 19 appearances for Stevenage and signed a new undisclosed length contract with the club after the end of the season.
Wilkinson was released by Stevenage at the end of the 2018–19 season.
Following his release from Stevenage, Wilkinson signed for National League club Yeovil Town on a two-year contract.
Dartford
IndividualAssociation des Jeunes pour la Sensibilisation et la Solidarité
The Association des Jeunes pour la Sensibilisation et la Solidarité (AJSS) is a Senegalese organization whose stated aims are to help young Senegalese away from poverty, criminality and emigration.
The AJSS was officially established 23 September 2005 after a meeting held by young people from Sicap-Liberté The AJSS has approximately 400 members.
The Board of Directors consists of "The President of AJSS", "The secretary general", "The treasurer" and "The program coordinator".
The current president of AJSS is "Mohamadou Keba Danso".
Mr "Danso" was born in 1984 and has an educational background from Media Centre de Dakar.
The current secretary general of AJSS is "Fama Constance Diop".
Ms "Diop" was born in 1987 and has an educational background from both IAM - School of Management and CESAG.
The current treasurer of AJSS is "Bakary Diatta".
Mr "Diatta" was born in 1985 and has an educational background from UCAD.
The current program coordinator of AJSS is "Assane Diop".
Mr "Diop" was born in Dakar and has an educational background from University of Cheikh Anta Diop.
Also he is resheacher and sociologue at the same time.
The AJSS appeared on a segment in the Swedish radioshow radio UPF where Mr Danso talks about the main aims of the organization AJSS.Nymania
Nymania capensis is a species of plant known in English as "Chinese lantern" because of the shape of its bright, colourful fruit, and in Afrikaans as "klapper" (meaning "firecracker" because children sometimes pop the capsules for fun).
It is the only species in the genus Nymania.
It is a spare, scrubby, woody shrub or small tree, typically ) 0.5–3 m tall.
It is endemic to South Africa and some closely bordering territories, especially inland regions in central, northern and eastern parts.
It grows mainly in Karooid regions, among the scrub of gorges, but also in open veld and river banks in the Great and Little Karoo, Namaqualand and Kalahari.
The leaves are alternate and fascicled.
They are simple and more or less linear.
The flowers are solitary, born on pedicels in axils.
The corolla and calyx have four lobes each, with eight stamens inserted at the base of the disc, the filaments being connate at their base.
The ovary is superior and sessile; it has four lobes and four locules, each containing two collateral ascending ovules.
The stigma is simple and the style extends further than the stamens.
The fruit is an inflated membranous capsule, 3–5 cm across, each locule forming a distinct lobe.
The ripe seeds are hard and rounded, some 2–4 mm in diameter.
A locule may contain less than two seeds, due to abortion.
The capsules are too heavy to be windborne, but when ripe they sometimes are blown over the veld, bearing their seeds in the manner of miniature tumbleweeds.
Carl Peter Thunberg originally described the species as "Aitonia capensis" in honour of William Aiton, but John Lindley later renamed it to "Nymania" in honour of Carl Fredrik Nyman.
"Nymania capensis" is the only species in the genus "Nymania" Lindb.
Another species, ""Nymania insignis" K.Schum."
(in the junior homonym genus "Nymania" K.Schum.
; Euphorbiaceae) is a synonym of "Phyllanthus clamboides".
The genus has variously been assigned to the families Sapindaceae, Aitoniaceae, and Meliaceae.
The correct assignment also is under review.
Some characteristics, such as the pollen type, still are giving taxonomists pause.
Though the plant currently is valued as an ornamental, it is not easy for the amateur to germinate and it does not seem to have been of much material importance in other respects; it has been reported to have been used in folk medicine for the treatment of convulsions.
Goats will browse it, but it is seldom plentiful enough to be important as a major source of forage.William M. Graham (politician)
William M. Graham (September 8, 1819 Minisink, Orange County, New York – November 13, 1886 Middletown, Orange Co., NY) was an American banker, convicted felon and Democratic politician from New York.
In 1841, he began to work for the Middletown Bank, first as Teller, and from 1844 on as Cashier.
He was Treasurer of Orange County from 1855 to 1860.
In 1860, he became President of the Wallkill Bank, later the Wallkill National Bank.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (10th D.) from 1868 to 1871, sitting in the 91st, 92nd, 93rd and 94th New York State Legislatures.
In 1872, the Wallkill National Bank went bankrupt.
An investigation showed that $256,000 of the bank's funds and about $100,000 worth of securities deposited in the bank were missing, the money having been "dissipated in Wall Street" by Graham and Cashier Charles H. Horton.
Graham was convicted of fraud and embezzlement, and sentenced to ten years imprisonment at hard labor.
He served about four years in Clinton State Prison and was pardoned by President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1877.
Afterwards he worked as an attendant at the Middletown State Homeopathic Hospital.
He died of Bright's disease.My Teenage Dream Ended
My Teenage Dream Ended is the debut book and album by Farrah Abraham.
Abraham came to prominence in the MTV reality TV show "Teen Mom".
In August 2012, Abraham released the autobiography "My Teenage Dream Ended", published by MTV Press.
The book chronicles her teenage pregnancy and the problems she faced during the time, including her drug use, the arrest of her father, and the death of her daughter's father, Derek Underwood.
The musical album, produced by Fredrick M. Cuevas, is a companion work to her autobiography; each of the ten songs shares a title with a chapter of her book.
The book was a success making number 11 on "the New York Times" bestseller list.
Abraham recorded her vocals for the album to a click track, while the production of the music was handled separately.
In an interview with "The Fader", Cuevas stated: "Like, she'd heard it before and approved it for that song, but as she was recording we never had the music on."
Abraham also wanted the Auto-Tune effects on her vocals to sound "edgy", so worked with Cuevas to make them more aggressive.
The album's first single, "Finally Getting Up from Rock Bottom", was released on August 3, 2012, through "In Touch Weekly" magazine.
The accompanying album received an overwhelmingly negative response.
It has been widely criticized for its extensively autotuned vocals and bland production.
Her single "On My Own" was derided as one of the worst works of pop music ever made, eclipsing Rebecca Black's "Friday".
Feminist website Jezebel called the lead and sole single, "Finally Getting up from Rock Bottom", "the most horrible combination of sounds to ever be assembled in the history of audio recording," suggesting that while Farrah may have kept her baby, the song should have been aborted.
But despite garnering mockery in the popular media, the arrhythmic and cheaply digitized presentation of deeply confessional lyrics was bewildering enough to lead some to instead view it as a contemporary example of outsider art.
In "The Wire", Andrew Nosnitsky called it a "haunting and fascinating mess of outsider pop music".
Writing for "The Atlantic", David Cooper Moore suggested that the album "is to teen angst what "Eraserhead" was to domestic angst", making it "a dark and compelling experiment in abstracting and compressing the vicissitudes of 'high school drama.'"
"The Village Voice" compared it to critically acclaimed witch house band Salem.
"The Guardian"s David Renshaw considered it the weirdest record of the year, describing its sound as "an agonising, disconcerting clatter" and "as if someone is translating chart music into an alien language and back again."
Discussing the album's positive reception among avant garde circles, Renshaw concluded: "All in all, it's as if Joey Essex had ditched Towie to record an album with Autechre and Lars von Trier."
The publication later ranked it 32 on their list of best albums of the year.
In a 2017 review for Charli XCX's "Pop 2" mixtape, Meaghan Garvey of "Pitchfork" retrospectively summarized: "Sweepingly ridiculed as one of 2012's worst albums, that judgment, five years later, feels wildly narrow-minded.
It is a baffling work, to be sure: frantic layers of dubstep, EDM, witch-house, and breakbeats seem to run in the opposite direction as Abraham's absurdly AutoTuned narratives about surviving the death of her husband.
[...] After my first full spin of "Pop 2", I couldn't shake the thought: 'This sounds like Farrah, but good.'"
In late 2017, Duncan Cooper of "The Fader" wrote that "Farrah Abraham’s pop music should make her an avant-garde icon."Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's road race H2
The Men's road race H2 cycling event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on September 7 at Brands Hatch.
Fourteen riders from seven different nations competed.
The race distance was 56 km.
"LAP"=Lapped (8 km).Little Five Fest
Little Five Fest is an annual music festival in Atlanta, Ga. Each year the event partners with several local venues and features 50 or more local bands and is an annual showcase of the Music of Atlanta.
The event was started in 2004 as "Othersound Music Festival" and evolved over the years to take on a more general tone representing the entire area of Little 5 Points and as an alternative to the mainstream music festival Music Midtown.
The festival tends to focus on local and independent music groups: "Focusing on bands just under the indie mainstream radar, the Other Sound Music Festival has a rich history of booking the right bands.".
The festival usually features bands from local label mainstays like Rob's House Records, Die Slaughterhaus Records and others.
While previous festivals focused heavily on rock music, the festival now features a variety of musical genres including Rap, Hip-hop, Country, Electronic Music, DJ sets, performance art and theater.
Star Bar Stage: The Selmanaires, Book Of Colors, A Fight To The Death, Grand Prize Winners From Last Year, Club Awesome, Falcon Lords, Distile Records - Untied States "Unsilvered Mirrors", Author’s Apology, Los Buenos
Criminal Records stage: Jeffrey Butzer, The Orphins, Yo La Tengo, This Piano Plays itself
In 2012 the venues were hosted at Criminal Records music and comic book shop, Aurora Coffee and three stages at the Star Bar.
According to Creative Loafing (Atlanta), the 2012 festival is scheduled to take place on September 29, 2012, will feature over 90 bands and is spread across 9 venues.
While the festival is usually sponsored mostly by local record labels and businesses, there have been a number of nationally known sponsors such as Pabst Blue Ribbon (produced by the Pabst Brewing Company), the High Museum of Art, Creative Loafing, Zipcar, Orange Amplification, Scoutmob and Whynatte Latte.Ziyavudin Magomedov
Ziyavudin Gadzhievich Magomedov (, born 1968) is a Russian billionaire businessman.
He is the main owner of the privately-held investment company Summa Group.
In March 2018, he was arrested and charged with "racketeering and embezzlement of state funds".
Ziyavudin Magomedov was born in 1968 in Makhachkala, Dagestan.
In 1993 he earned a bachelor's degree in international economics from Moscow State University.
From 1994 to 1998, Magomedov was the President of IFC - Interfinance.
In 2006, "Slavia" controlled by Magomedov, bought 76% of shares of "Yakutgazprom" for 628.5 million rubles.
In 2006, "Summa Telecom" controlled by Magomedov and his brother, Magomed, received frequencies in the 2.5-2.7 GHz band for the provision of wireless technology WiMax throughout Russia, but there were problems with the use of those frequencies.
In 2010, he became the representative of Russia in APEC and in 2012 Chairman of ABAC, the APEC Business Advisory Council.
In January 2011, Magomedov with "Transneft" acquired company Kadina Ltd, which owned the majority (50.1%) of NCSP.
In 2016 Ziyavudin bought MMA promotion Fight Nights Global and made the commercial company "Eagles MMA" for sponsoring MMA fighters.
In the 2011 Finance magazine list, he had an estimated net worth of US$3 billion.
 Since October 2010, he is the chairman of board of trustees of the Russian Tennis Federation.
On 31 March 2018, while preparing to fly to the United States, Magomedov was arrested and charged with "racketeering and embezzlement of state funds" by Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia.
Magomedov denies the charges, but a Moscow court ruled on 31 March 2018 that he will remain in pre-trial custody, without bail, until 30 May 2018.
His detention was later extended until November 2018.
Magomedov is married, with three children, and lives in Moscow.Paul Cheesbrough
Paul Cheesbrough is a British Media Executive and is Chief Technology Officer of Rupert Murdoch's Fox Corporation.
He has responsibility for all the Technology in the company and also focussed on the separation of News Corporation into two separate businesses in 2013 and works for Robert Thomson after initially working directly for Murdoch.
[1]
On 31 October 2016, it was announced that Cheesbrough would be joining 21st Century Fox as Chief Technology Officer from 1 December 2016, remaining in New York.
Prior to joining News Corp, he was Chief Information Officer of News International, the UK subsidiary of News Corporation.
[2]
Cheesbrough started his career at IBM before moving to the BBC's commercial operation, BBC Worldwide.
He then spent four years at the BBC as Digital Media Controller.
He is widely credited for the driving corporation's digital education portfolio and the transition to digital.
[3]
In 2007, Cheesbrough joined the British newspaper, The Daily Telegraph as Chief Information Officer.
[3] He remained in that role for three years transforming the company's digital portfolio[4] before joining News International in 2010.
[5][6]2012 Desafio Litoral Rally
The 2012 Desafio Litoral Rally was a first edition of rally raid endurance race held in Argentina from 23–28 July 2012.
It was the first Dakar Series rally held in South America.
The itinerary contained 3,454 kilometres of roads and tracks in total, including 1,840 of timed sections.
It was organized by the Amaury Sport Organisation.
The race was held in public roads in the northeastern Argentine provinces of Misiones, Corrientes and Chaco.
The original route included two stops at Asunción and Encarnación in Paraguay, but were cancelled prior to the event because of political instability after the impeachment of the president.List of Asian Games mascots
The Asian Games mascots are fictional characters, usually an animal native to the area or human figures, who represent the cultural heritage of the place where the Asian Games are taking place.
The mascots are often used to help market the Asian Games to a younger audience.
Every Asian Games since 1982 has its own mascot.
Appu, the mascot for the 1982 Asian Games, was the first mascot.Anna Karenina (1977 TV serial)
Anna Karenina is a 1977 BBC television adaptation of Tolstoy's novel of the same name.
It stars Nicola Pagett as Anna, Eric Porter as Karenin, and Stuart Wilson as Vronsky.
It consisted of 10 50-minute episodes, and so was able to include more of the original plot than some adaptations.
It was mostly favourably received by those who saw it.Mir Bashir Gasimov
Mir Bashir Gasimov (; ; 1879 – 23 April 1949) was an Azerbaijani statesman and revolutionary, one of the followers of Nariman Narimanov's national communism policy in the Azerbaijan SSR.
Twice receiver of Order of Lenin and two more orders.
Mir Bashir Fattah oghlu Gasimov was born in Dashbolagh, Persia (present-day Ardabil Province, Iran) in 1879 to a poor family of peasants.
Gasimov started his revolutionary work in 1898, as soon as he started work at the Balakhani oil factory.
He joined the Bolshevik Party the same year and participated in the Russian Revolution of 1905 as a member of combat brigades of Baku Bolshevik organization.
In 1917–1918, he represented communists in Baku and Lankaran.
After the fall of the Soviet-oriented Baku Commune in Azerbaijan, Gasimov engaged in underground political activity.
At the First Congress of the Workers' (Bolshevik) Party of Azerbaijan in February 1920, he was elected to the Central Committee.
Gasimov was one of the organisers of the uprising against the Musavat government in the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and one of the key figures that contributed to the Sovietization of Azerbaijan on 28 April 1920.
One day after the establishment of the Soviet rule in Azerbaijan, Gasimov was already a member of the Revolutionary Committee of Baku.
He soon advanced in his career in the Communist Party and was appointed the Deputy Chair of the Central Executive Committee of the republic, serving in that position in 1921–1924 and in 1931–1935.
In 1925 he attended the trial of Fyodor Funtikov, the former accused of ordering the execution of the 26 Baku Commissars.
In 1935–1937, he served as People's Commissar of Social Welfare of the Azerbaijan SSR and later, in 1937–38, was the acting Chair of the Central Executive Committee of Azerbaijan.
From 1938 until his death, he headed the Presidium of the Supreme Council of the Azerbaijan SSR in addition to being the Deputy Chair of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR.
He is known to have opposed Zangezur becoming part of the Armenian SSR.
He also chosen as a deputy of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR during in first and second convocation.
The city of Tartar was named Mirbashir after his death in 1949 and retained that name until 1991.
There is a street named after him in Baku.
Today Gasimov is still seen as a significant political figure by members of the Azerbaijan Communist Party and other left-wing politicians.2012–13 Hong Kong Rangers FC season
Biu Chun Rangers, previously known as Rangers, will seek to win at least a trophy in this season.
They are competing in the First Division League, Senior Challenge Shield and FA Cup this season.
Players with dual nationality:Livingood House-Stryker Hospital
Livingood House-Stryker Hospital is a historic building located at Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.
The Livingood House was built between 1866 and 1871, and is a three-story, five-bay, Italianate style brick building on a rubble stone foundation.
The original three-story rear ell was extended to ten bays with the conversion of the dwelling to a private hospital in 1908.
A long and narrow, four-story, one bay addition was built about 1921.
It was converted to apartments in 1933.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.Breaking Amish
Breaking Amish is an American reality television series on the TLC television network that debuted September 9, 2012.
The series revolves around five young Anabaptist adults (four Amish and one Mennonite) who move to New York City in order to experience a different life and decide whether to return to their communities or remain outside their communities and face potential ostracism by their family and friends.
It follows the cast members as they experience life in New York and face new situations involving work, friendship, romance, and lifestyle, plus the drama that develops between cast members as they undergo various experiences.
The cast-members' move to New York City differs from Rumspringa, the rite of passage in which some 16-year-old Amish are allowed to experience the outside world and to decide whether or not they wish to remain with their home communities.
A news report on February 25, 2013, stated that TLC had ordered a second season of "Breaking Amish" with the original cast.
"Breaking Amish: Brave New World" is considered the second season by TLC.
A third season of "Breaking Amish", entitled "Breaking Amish: Los Angeles", debuted on July 21, 2013, with an entirely different cast.
The only connection with the new cast and the original cast was Abe's brother Andrew Schmucker being one of the main cast members.
A fourth and final season of the show entitled "Breaking Amish: Brooklyn" debuted on September 18, 2014, with a new cast as well.
One of the cast members, Matt, would go on make appearances in the fifth season of the spinoff series "Return to Amish".
Shortly after the first episode was aired, several news outlets reported that all of the cast had left their respective communities prior to taping the show, or that they were already married.
It also has been reported that the relationships between cast members were portrayed falsely and that there were many inconsistencies between fact and the reality that was represented in the television program.
The production has been forthcoming with some of the 'non-Amish' activities in the background of the cast.
As episodes progressed, the production steadily revealed other aspects of the cast's past activities, including items not previously released as spoilers by other media outlets.
Some of the information shared on air by the cast during the production:
Abe's mother Mary Schmucker and little sister Katie Ann Schmucker are major recurring cast members this season
A subtitle is added to this season entitled: "Brave New World".
All of the cast members from the first season return as they relocate and reside in Pinecraft, a small neighborhood located within Sarasota, Florida where there is a community of ex-Amish and Amish.Leucorhynchia tryoni
Leucorhynchia tryoni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
This marine species occurs off Singapore.Liotella cancellata
Liotella cancellata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
(Original description by Ferdinand Krauss) The umbilicate shell has an orbicular shape.
It is convex, solid, gray-whitish with dirty red stripes.
The transverse ribs are blunt.
The irregular, longitudinal striae are slender.
The curve of the penultimate whorl is canceled.
The shell has a prominent spire, acute at the apex;.
The four whorls increase in size The body whorl has 26-28 ribs, of which 8-10 are larger, the penultimate whorl only 8, including 3 - 4 larger.
These form a lattice with numerous, oblique, longitudinal threads.
These are more prominent above but closer to the aperture they become weaker.
The oblique aperture is small and almost rounded.
The margin of the columella is slightly subreflexed; The umbilicus is smooth.
This marine species occurs off Cape of Good Hope, South Africa.Challenge Monégasque
The Challenge Monégasque football cup is a football tournament for amateur football teams from Monaco, beginning in 1991.
In recent years, the tournament has been seen as a third level competition in the country, below the Challenge Prince Rainier III and the Trophée Ville de Monaco.
A list of clubs that have made it to at least 1 Challenge Monégasque final, reflecting their success in finals.
(Up to and including the 2006 season).
"Scores in brackets are penalty shoot-out results."Kelahmet, Tarsus
Kelahmet is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey.
At , it is in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) and to the south of Tarsus.
It is situated to the north of the Mediterranean Sea coast and west of the Berdan River.
Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is .
The population of Kelahmet was 720 as of 2011.
Situated in fertile plains, farming is the major economic activity with cotton and greenhouse vegetables as popular crops.Liotella crassicostata
Liotella crassicostata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The height of the shell attains 0.8 mm, its diameter 0.8 mm.
The yellowish white shell has a helicoidal shape.
Its umbilicus is narrow.
The shell contains 2½ whorls, slightly flattened at the periphery and then rounded.
The sculpture consists, besides the lines of growth, of strong ribs (their number is shown about correctly in the image).
The aperture is almost round.
The columella is thickened.Lissospira abyssicola
Lissospira abyssicola is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The size of the shell attains 2.5 mm.
In its general appearance this marine species resembles a true "Lissospira", but the umbilical chink is channeled and defined by a raised thread and the aperture is modified by the body whorl to which the peritreme is more attached than in a typical species.
It is similar in form to "Lissospira dalli" but larger, without sculpture and with the columellar lip less flattened.
This species occurs in the Eastern Atlantic Ocean off Georges Bank at a depth of 1790 m.Lissospira bushae
Lissospira bushae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae,
The size of the shell attains 3.3 mm.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off Georgia, USA, at a depth of 538 m.1998 Movistar Open – Doubles
Hendrik Jan Davids and Andrew Kratzmann were the defending champions, but did not participate this year.
Mariano Hood and Sebastián Prieto won the title, defeating Massimo Bertolini and Devin Bowen 7–6, 6–7, 7–6 in the final.Lissospira dalli
Lissospira dalli is a small species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The height of the yellowish white shell attains 2 mm, its diameter 2.25 mm.
The shell has a trochiform shape and contains 3½ whorls that enlarge rapidly.
They are well rounded, with a deeply impressed suture.
The apical whorl is a little prominent, visible in a side-view.
The body whorl is ventricose.
The aperture is nearly circular.
The outer lip shows a slight angle anteriorly.
The columella is evenly curved The base of the shell contains seven or eight spiral incised lines.
They number seven or eight and cover the base of the shell and the umbilical depression.
The umbilicus is imperforate or represented by a very narrow chink.
The surface of the pale shell is nearly smooth, except for very fine, minute striations or growth lines, which give the surface a dull appearance.
The freshest specimens have only a slight luster.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off North Carolina, USA, at depths between 668 m and 1569 m.Lissospira depressa
Lissospira depressa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The diameter of the shell attains 2 mm.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off Georgia, USA, at a depth of 538 m.Lissospira ornata
Lissospira ornata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The diameter of the shell attains 2.6 mm.
This species agrees in form and condition of the umbilical region with the "Lissospira dalli".
But it is very peculiarly marked on the base by thin, impressed lines, running obliquely and crossing the concentric spiral lines at a large angle, so as to produce a sort of "herring-bone" pattern as shown in the figure.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off North Carolina, USA, at a depth of 1542 m.Lissospira rarinota
Lissospira rarinota is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The height of the shell attains 1.6 mm, its diameter 2.2 mm.
The white shell is smooth, semi-opaque, of firm texture, with brilliant luster so that it appears somewhat porcellanous.
The three whorls are convex, with a single, delicate, raised, microscopic, spiral line just below the distinct suture, defining a narrow, inconspicuous, slightly concave or channeled, sutural area.
The nucleus is relatively small, and a little raised.
The body whorl is large.
The spire is low.
The form of the aperture and the peritreme and the channeled umbilical chink, bordered by an inconspicuous, rounded thread, place this species with Lissospira, although the texture of the shell is firmer and more porcellanous than any of the other species referred to it.
Just within the aperture and extending completely around it is a delicate, opaque white line,which in some places appears raised.
This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea off Isla Providencia, Colombia, at a depth of 700 m.Lissospira striata
Lissospira striata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The height of the shell attains 1.5 mm, its diameter 2 mm.
The shell consists of about three convex whorls forming a comparatively low, somewhat depressed spire.
The entire surface below the relatively large, little raised, smooth nuclear whorl, is covered with raised, rounded, well-separated, revolving microscopic threads, most distinct on the base.
The small umbilicus is scarcely more than a chink.
The aperture and the operculum are typical.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off New England, USA, found off Martha's Vineyard.Lissospira valvata
Lissospira valvata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The size of the shell attains 2.6 mm.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off North Carolina, Georgia, USA, and the Bahamas at depths between 45 m and 805 m.Lissotesta micra
Lissotesta micra, common name the tiny false top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
The shell grows to a height of 1.3 mm.
This marine species occurs off Tasmania and off New South Wales, Australia.Lodderena emeryi
Lodderena emeryi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off Hawaii.Government Khawzawl College
Khawzawl College is a college that was established on 4 March 1985 in Khawzawl, Champhai district of Mizoram.
The college is affiliated to Mizoram University.
There were 18 students admitted in 2012-23.
The college has the following departments:Lodderena minima
Lodderena minima, common name the minute liotia, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The size of this minute shell varies between 0.5 mm and 1.1 mm.
The translucent white shell has a planorbiform shape with a flat or slightly raised spire.
The shell contains about three whorls with 1½ whorl in the protoconch.
The shell is devoid of ornament, except the regular spiral groove.
It has, however, a remarkably thickened, smooth varix round the circular aperture, and a granularly margined, wide umbilicus.
This marine species is endemic to Australia and occurs off Queensland, southwards to Tasmania and South Australia.Lodderena omanensis
Lodderena omanensis is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
This marine species occurs in the Gulf of Oman.Lodderena pachynepion
Lodderena pachynepion is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.Lodderena tanae
Lodderena tanae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
This species occurs in the Arabian Sea off Oman.Microcarina crenulata
Microcarina crenulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.Microcarina surgerea
Microcarina surgerea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea, the turban snails.
The shell grows to a length of 1 mm.
This marine species occurs off Australia, from New South Wales to Victoria.Mikro cerion
Mikro cerion is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The size of the shell attains 1.8 mm.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off Georgia, USA, at a depth of 800 m.Mikro hattonensis
Mikro hattonensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Skeneidae.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off the Hatton Bank, Iceland.Munditiella ammonoceras
Munditiella ammonoceras is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The size of the shell varies between 2 mm and 2.5 mm.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off Korea, Japan, Taiwan and the Philippines.Palazzia nautiliformis
Palazzia nautiliformis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
This marine species occurs off New Zealand.Palazzia ramosa
Palazzia ramosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea, the turban snails.
This marine species occurs off New Zealand.Kurunduwatta Royal College
Kurunduwatta Royal College () is a provincial school in Udapalatha near Gampola, Sri Lanka.Parviturbo acuticostatus
Parviturbo acuticostatus is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The maximum diameter of the shell can reach 3 mm.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off California.Parviturbo comptus
Parviturbo comptus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The size of the shell attains 2.3 mm.
This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea off Mexico and off the West Indies (Curacao, Puerto Rico)Parviturbo granulum
Parviturbo granulum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
(Original description by W.H.
Dall) The size of the shell attains 1 mm in height and breadth.
The shell is elevated and compact, having ten or twelve fine strong spiral cinguli, under which are finer radiating raised incremental lines.
It is white with a rounded base and a perforate umbilicus, three whorls, a nearly circular aperture, with slightly thickened or expanded margin.
For so small a shell it seems remarkably solid and strong.
This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea off the Dominican Republic.Parviturbo stearnsii
Parviturbo stearnsii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off Baja California.Gary Garrison (playwright)
Gary Wayne Garrison (May 3, 1956 - ) is an award-winning playwright, screenwriter, and educator who has served as Executive Director of Creative Affairs for the Dramatists Guild of America, New York, from 2007 to 2016.
He is the former Artistic Director and Division Head of Playwriting for the Goldberg Department of Dramatic Writing at the Tisch School of the Arts, where he still serves on the adjunct faculty teaching graduate students.
Garrison graduated from Lutcher Stark High School in Orange, Texas in 1974.
He then studied theatre (acting) at Lamar University, graduating in 1978.
He went on to receive an MA in Theatre Arts from the University of North Texas, 1980, and a Ph.D. in Playwriting and Directing in 1986 from the University of Michigan.
After graduate school, Garrison began his work at NYU in 1986.
In 1989 he began a long association with the Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival, serving first as Regional Chair of Playwriting, then moving in 1999 to become the National Vice-Chair and 2001, the National Chair of Playwriting for the Kennedy Center American College Theater Festival In 2002, he was appointed Program Director of the summer playwriting intensive, teaching with the instructional staff alongside fellow playwrights Marsha Norman, Steven Dietz, and David Ives.
Since 1986, Garrison has served in various capacities on the faculty of the Goldberg Department of Dramatic Writing at New York University’s Tisch School of the Arts: Adjunct faculty, Full-time faculty, Program Coordinator, Program Director, Associate Chair, Artistic Director, Master Teacher of Playwriting.
He also served on the administrative committees of the 2009 -2015 Tony Awards.
Garrison is also an in-demand speaker and guest lecturer.
In 2014, The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, and the Kennedy Center's American College Theatre Festival (KCACTF), honored Garrison by naming an annual playwriting award after him for his contribution to the form: "The Gary Garrison National Ten-Minute Play Award".Philorene texturata
Philorene texturata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The diameter of the subdiscoidal, deeply umbilicate, white shell attains 2 mm.
The spire is flat and contains three whorls.
The body whorl is slightly descending and circular in section.
Its upper portion is level with the periphery of the penultimate whorl.
The aperture is circular.
The peristome is continuous and is slightly above and below on the inner side.
The suture is deep.
The sculpture of the protoconch is smooth.
There are regular transverse ridges on the base of the whorls round the umbilicus.
The interior of the umbilicus shows spiral ridges terminating at the lower expansion of the inner lip.
The whole surface of the shell shows close, regular, low spiral threads, ornamented with transverse lenticular beads.
This marine species occurs off the Kermadec Islands.Putilla lucida
Putilla lucida is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
The solid, white shell is rimate.
it is subpellucid, smooth, and shining, white.
The four whorls are convex.
The thick outer lip simple.
This marine species occurs off Japan.Nagoda Royal National College
Nagoda Royal National College (; also known as Royal College Nagoda or Nagoda Royal College or Rajakeeya National School) is a national school in Nagoda, Sri Lanka.Skenea californica
Skenea californica, common name the California skenea, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
(Original description by Paul Bartsch) The height of the shell attains 0.8 mm, its diameter 2.3 mm.
The small, semitransparent shell has a planorboid shape.
It is closely, spirally striated.
The 3½ smooth, shining whorls are moderately rounded.
The succeeding turns increase regularly in size, rendering the apex considerably lower than any of the succeeding turns.
The last is the most elevated.
The whorls are well rounded and separated by strongly impressed sutures and marked by many equally strong and equally spaced, somewhat wavy, incised spiral lines and fine incremental lines.
At more or less regular intervals there appear slight constrictions which coincide with the lines of growth.
The periphery of the body whorl is well rounded.
The base of the shell is well rounded, very broadly and openly umbilicate to the very apex, marked like the upper surface.
The suboval aperture is oblique.
The outer lip is thin.
The short columella forms an almost straight line with the faint callus of the parietal wall.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off California, USA.Skenea carmelensis
Skenea carmelensis, common name the Carmel skenea, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The height of the shell attains 1.3 mm, its diameter 1.7 mm.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off California, USA.Skenea concordia
Skenea concordia, common name the beaded skenea, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.Skenea coronadoensis
Skenea coronadoensis, common name the Coronado Island skenea, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.Skenea proxima
Skenea proxima is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The name "Cyclostrema proxima" was introduced by G.W.
Tryon as a replacement name for "Cyclostrema affine" (now recognized as a synonym of "Skenea basistriata" ), while he thought it was closely related to "Cyclostrema basistriata" .
Anders Warén thought it would probably prove a synonym of "Skenea diaphana".
W.H.
Dall thought it a synonym of "Skenea trochoides".
The size of the shell attains 2.2 mm.
The shell is narrowly umbilicated, faintly striate, with a few indistinct spiral lines below the suture, and numerous well defined ones on the base.
Around the umbilicus the inferior striae become stronger.
The surface of the shell is smooth and greyish white.
The suture is impressed.
The whorls are very convex and rapidly increasing.
The thin periphery is round and slightly in contact.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off New England and North Carolina, USA, at depths between 538 m and 1542 m.Trenchia argentinae
Trenchia argentinae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
The shell grows to a height of 3.5 mm.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean in the abyssal zone off Argentina.Trenchia wolffi
Trenchia wolffi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea, the turban snails.
This marine species occurs off New Zealand.Xyloskenea consors
Xyloskenea consors is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
This marine species occurs off New Zealand.Xyloskenea costulifera
Xyloskenea costulifera is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
This marine species occurs off New Zealand.Xyloskenea depressa
Xyloskenea depressa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea, the turban snails.
This marine species occurs off New Zealand.Xyloskenea rhyssa
Xyloskenea rhyssa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.Xyloskenea translucens
Xyloskenea translucens is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.Xyloskenea xenos
Xyloskenea xenos is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.
This species occurs in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.Zalipais turneri
Zalipais turneri is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.
The shell attains a height of 0.75 mm, its diameter 0.6 mm.
This marine species is endemic to New Zealand and occurs on seaweed washings off Stewart island.Tegula brunnea
Tegula brunnea, common name the brown turban snail, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae, .
This is an Eastern Pacific Ocean species which was previously known as "Chlorostoma brunnea".
The size of the shell varies between 19 mm and 45 mm.
The solid, imperforate shell has a conical shape.
It is russet-yellow, brown, orange-colored or deep crimson.
The spire is conic.
The sutures are deeply impressed.
The about seven whorls are convex, smooth, and obliquely lightly striate.
The body whorl sometimes is obsoletely undulated or plicate below the suture.
The base of the shell is depressed and deeply concave in the center.
The aperture is very oblique.
The columella has one or two teeth near the base.
The umbilical callus is white.
The place of the umbilicus is deeply excavated.
The relative altitude and the size are extremely variable.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off Oregon to Santa Barbara Islands, California, USATegula montereyi
Tegula montereyi, common name the "Monterey tegula", is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
This is an Eastern Pacific Ocean species which was previously known as "Chlorostoma montereyi".
The specific epithet refers to Monterey, California.
The height of the shell varies between 28–39 mm, its diameter between 34–42 mm.
The rather thin, umbilicate shell has a strictly conical shape.
It is light olivaceous or pale corneous.
The spire is conical, with nearly straight outlines.
The apex is acute.
The sutures are linear.
The seven whorls are flattened, encircled by numerous fine lirae, which become obsolete on the lower whorl, which shows usually very ill-defined obliquely descending small folds, at right angles to the incremental striae.
The body whorl is acutely angular at the periphery.
The base of the shell is flat,
spirally, subobsoletely lirate.
The aperture subhorizontal.
The outer lip is thin, margined with brown or corneous.
The columella is subhorizontal, curved, toothed below the middle, receding above, not spreading around the umbilicus as in some other species of this genus.
The umbilicus is funnel-shaped, rapidly becoming very narrow, white within, its edge defined by an angle.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of California, USA.Tectus elatus
Tectus elatus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 30 mm and 70 mm.
It generally weighs 20-50 grams, and in some rare cases nearly 100 grams.
This marine species occurs off the Philippines, though some cases have been reported in the Bikini Atoll.Tectus fenestratus
Tectus fenestratus, common name the fenestrate top shell or the latticed top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 17 mm and 50 mm.
The imperforate, solid shell has a conic shape.
It is, white or grayish, mottled and maculated with green, brown or olive.
The base of the shell is unicolored, white.
The apex is acute.
The shell contains 9-11 whorls .
The apical ones are smooth by erosion, the following armed around the lower margin with radiating squamose or (on the body whorl) solid tubercles, which are usually laterally compressed on the lower whorls, and number 12 to 20 on the body whorl.
The entire surface above the periphery is covered with fine oblique wrinkles, which are more or less beaded by a few (3 to 5) revolving lirae.
The; base of the shell is flat, concentrically lirate, the lirae 8 to 14 in number.
The outer lirae are crenulated by fine radiating wrinkles which are continued a short distance inward from the periphery.
The aperture is transverse.
The outer and parietal walls are lirate within, the base more or less strongly uni-lamellate.
The columella contains a strong downward directed acute fold.
This species is a variable form, which, however may be readily recognized by the sutural knobs and secondary sculpture of fine wrinkles above, and by the crenulated or beaded line around the outer edge of the base.
This marine species occurs in the Central and West Pacific Ocean, Indo-China, Indo-Malaysia,and off Papua New Guinea, New Caledonia and Australia (Northern Territory, Queensland, Western Australia).Tectus maximus
Tectus maximus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
This marine species occurs off the Fiji Islands and Indo-Malaysia.
The height of the shell attains 95 mm, its diameter also 95 mm.
The shell is less ponderous than "Tectus niloticus".
Its form is strictly conical.
The whorls of the spire are decidedly plicate or tuberculate, planulate.
The body whorl is not dilated at the periphery.
The flat base is concentrically grooved.
The columella is less oblique than in the type.
This species was first considered an arrested or primitive form of "Tectus niloticus", as in the conic form, flat, lirate base, and sculptured spire, it exactly resembles
an immature specimen of the latter species.
But in 1869 Dr. von Martens considered them different species.Tectus royanus
Tectus royanus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The height of the shell attains 80 mm, its major diameter 97 mm.
Dimensions of largest known shell 101 mm x 102 mm.
The large, massive, imperforate shell has a pyramidal shape.
In adult shells the upper surface is invariably covered with algae, coralline and other, while the base usually supports a colony of "Serpula".
The sculpture of these adult shells is scarcely distinguishable.
Young shells, however, show the sculpture.
The suture is well marked.
The (more than 12) whorls are subscalar.
The body whorl is strongly keeled.
The base of the shell is flat.
The shell is covered with very low rounded nodules along the lower edge, there being about 15 at a distance of 2 cm.
from the apex, but sometimes they are so indistinct that they can scarcely be detected.
The whole exterior is ornamented by close spiral beaded ribs, about 10 to a centimetre, crossed by diagonal growth lines, and covered with a white calcareous coating.
The base is smooth save for diagonal growth lines on a white calcareous covering.
But near the interior, where the coating is absent, it shows regular spiral threads, which are closest along the exterior margin.
The colour of the shell is white, the interior pearly iridescent, with a well-marked white margin on the exterior of the thin, fragile outer lip.
The aperture is quadrate and very oblique, the basal portion smooth inside.
The columella is pearly, anteriorly terminating in a solid tubercle, and ascending with a semicircular sweep.
The thin operculum is horny, multispiral with a central nucleus.
"Tectus royanus" is allied to "Tectus pyramis" , an Indo-Pacific species, but differs in colour and in sculpture, which is much finer than that in T. pyramis
This marine species occurs off the Kermadec Islands from the low water mark to 29 m.Tectus tentorium
Tectus tentorium is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
It differs from "Trochus maculatus" in being obviously longitudinally plicate, especially on the lower part of each whorl.
This species occurs in the following locations:Tectus triserialis
Tectus triserialis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 20 mm and 60 mm.
The imperforate, solid, heavy shell has a turreted-conic shape.
It is flesh-colored, lighter beneath.
It contains about 12 whorls, somewhat convex toward the lower, concave toward the upper part.
The upper whorls show a single submedian series of rather prominent tubercles, the lower with about four subequal series of small, separated, rather acute tubercles, the surface between them minutely wrinkled.
The base of the shell is nearly flat, and spirally lirate.
The lirae become narrow toward the outer edge.
The aperture is rhomboidal.
The outer and parietal walls are more or less lirate within.
The base
has a deep seated spiral fold near the columella within .
The columella is strongly, acutely folded, the fold directed downward.
This marine species occurs off the Philippines, Indonesia and Northern Queensland, AustraliaSakado Station (Ibaraki)
Sakado Station was served by the single-track Kashima Railway Line from to .
It was located between Tomoegawa and Hokota stations, and was a distance of 25.0 rail km from Ishioka Station.
The unstaffed station consisted of one side platform serving a single track.
Sakado Station opened on 19 November 1956.
It closed on 31 March 2007 when the entire line was closed.
In fiscal 2000, the station was used by an average of 68 passengers daily.Tegula atra
Tegula atra is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 24 mm and 62 mm.
The heavy, solid, imperforate shell has a conical shape and is more or less depressed.
It is lusterless black.
The about six whorls are, moderately convex, separated by impressed sutures.
They are smooth, except for slight incremental striae.
The body whorl is more or less depressed, and rounded or subangular at the periphery.
The base of the shell is flattened, concave in the center, eroded and light purplish in front of the aperture.
The aperture is very oblique.
The outer lip is black-margined, smooth and pearly within.
The columella is oblique, obtusely dentate in the middle.
The umbilico-columellar tract is covered by a white callus, excavated at the position of the umbilicus, and bearing a spiral rib.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off the Strait of Magellan (Chile) to Peru.Tegula aureotincta
Tegula aureotincta, common name the gilded tegula, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 20 mm and 40 mm.
The shell is broad and low.
The spire feels rough.
Its sculpture consists of low, spiral ridges, especially on the body whorl and of diagonal ridges.
The color of the spire is dark gray or olive.
The base of the shell has a bright yellow or orange skin around the deep umbilicus.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean in the low intertidal zones and on adjacent rocky subtidal shores off Southern California, USA and MexicoTegula bergeroni
Tegula bergeroni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The height of the shell attains 13.4 mm, its diameter 14.4 mm.
This marine species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off Colombia.Zlatko Krdžević
Zlatko Krdžević (, born 3 December 1959) is a former Serbian football player, from the 1980s.
Born in Nova Varoš, SR Serbia, he played with FK Sloboda Užice and Red Star Belgrade in the Yugoslav First League, and with AC Bellinzona in Switzerland.Tegula cooksoni
Tegula cooksoni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The height of the shell attains 4 mm, its diameter 8 mm.
The shell is deeply umbilicated.
suborbicular and slightly conoidal.
Its color is brown, variegated with rosy, painted with white lines articulated with black.
The coloration of this species is not very definite.
The upper surface is blotched irregularly with pink and brown, and some spiral articulated lines.
The base is a trifle paler The 4½ whorls are nearly smooth, and slightly convex.
They are sculptured with few delicate, fine spiral striae, which are most conspicuous on the base.
The body whorl is convex above, and slightly depressed beneath the suture, at the periphery flattened and biangulate.
The base of the shell is nearly flat, delicately spirally striate, around the umbilicus encircled with a shallow groove.
The umbilicus is white, deep, surrounded by a whitish callus forming a faint tooth at the base of the columella.
It is bordered by a shallow sulcus on the whorl.
The aperture is suborbicular.
The columella is arcuate, joined above to the whorl by a callus, which extends upward
some distance on the whorl, and also spreads out within the aperture.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off the Galapagos Islands and Cocos Island, Costa RicaTegula corteziana
Tegula corteziana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The height of this gray-brown shell attains 10.5 mm, its diameter 12.4 mm.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off Mexico.Tegula corvus
Tegula corvus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell attains 9 mm.
The rather thick shell is narrowly and profoundly perforate and has a conoid shape.
It is dull cinereous, ornamented with castaneous radiating flammules.
The six whorls are rather convex and spirally finely lirate.
The lirae number 7 to 8 on the penultimate whorl, 5 on the preceding.
The body whorl is rounded, compressed below the suture above, somewhat convex beneath, and provided with about 10 concentric lirae.
The ovate aperture is slightly dilated, the lip plicatulate within.
The arcuate columella is thin in the middle, concave and bears 2 or 3 tubercles below.
The green columellar callus is thick,and slightly impinging upon the umbilicus.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean from Mexico to Northern Peru.Tegula felipensis
Tegula felipensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 14 mm and 17 mm.
This marine species occurs off Baja California, Mexico.Tegula globulus
Tegula globulus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of its shell is 11 mm.
This marine species is common under or on rocks at high-tide level off Southern California, United States; and Baja California, Mexico.Japanese submarine tender Karasaki
, was the first submarine tender operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
She was named after a cape on northern Tsushima Island.
The Imperial Japanese Navy received its first submarines during the Russo-Japanese War, but these vessels were not operational until after the war ended.
During the post-war period, submarine warfare was given a low priority for development, as the early submarines were regarded as unsafe, and useful only for short-range coastal point defense.
However, the small Japanese submarine force required a support vessel, and "Karasaki" was modified for this role.
"Karasaki" had an overall length of , and beam of , with a nominal displacement of and draught of .
She had a clipper bow, single stack, and two masts for auxiliary sail propulsion.
"Karasaki" was launched in December 1896 by the Hawthorn Leslie and Company of Newcastle on Tyne in the United Kingdom, as a combined passenger/cargo vessel ship named the SS "Ekaterinoslav" () for the Russian Volunteer Fleet, a ship transport association established in the Russian Empire in 1878, and funded from voluntary contributions collected by subscription.
On 6 February 1904, two days before the official start of the Russo-Japanese War, "Ekaterinoslav" was captured by the Imperial Japanese Navy off Busan.
Due to her relatively new age, good condition and large capacity, she was immediately pressed into service as a transport with the unofficial name of "Karasaki Maru", moving troops and war materials from the Japanese home islands to the Korean Peninsula and the Liaodong Peninsula in support of the Imperial Japanese Army.
She served in this capacity to October 1904.
At the end of 1904, "Karasaki Maru" was sent to the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal for conversion into a submarine tender.
She was officially commissioned into the Imperial Japanese Navy on 4 July 1905.
On 8 March 1906, she was renamed "Karasaki", and was officially re-designated as a torpedo boat tender.
In August 1912, the Imperial Japanese Navy abolished the torpedo boat tender classification, and "Karasaki" was re-designated as a second-class "kaibokan".
However, the designation of torpedo boat tender was revived in April 1920.
From 1924, "Karasaki" was then assigned to the submarine training school at Kure Naval District, and from 1 December 1924, was again officially designated as a submarine tender.
"Karasaki" was transferred to the reserves from 15 November 1934.
She was struck from the navy list on 1 April 1939.
Her demilitarized hulk was named "Haikan No.9" and was moored at Kure Naval Base as a floating barracks.
She was scrapped in 1942.Tegula ligulata
Tegula ligulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The height of the shell attains 22 mm, its diameter also 22 mm.
This is an extremely variable form.
The shell may be either very much depressed or as high as broad.
It may be spirally sculptured with numerous narrow, unequal lirae, or as strongly cingulate as the preceding form.
The best development of this variety is shown by
the specimens from San Diego.
They are elevated, turbinated, strongly granose-lirate.
The base of the shell is deeply eroded in front of the aperture.
The color is brownish-yellow, with numerous close narrow longitudinal purplish-brown stripes, but the whole surface is so dingy that it appears unicolored.
The spiral lirae are subequal, the grains low and elongated in the direction of the lirae.
The whorls are rounder than in "Tegula viridula" and the aperture decidedly smaller, and lacking green tinge on the columella.
It is usually encrusted with bryozoa or Serpula.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean from Southern California to Peru.
Keen M. (1971) Sea shells of tropical West America.
Marine mollusks from Baja California to Perú, ed.
2.
Stanford University Press.
1064 ppTegula mariana
Tegula mariana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The height of the shell varies between 8.9 mm, its diameter 10.5 mm.
The shell has a shiny surface.
Its color is dingy white, with broad radiating flames of brown or red above irregularly maculated below, sometimes nearly unicolored, pinkish, with the lirae of the base articulated with red and white dots.
The spire is either conic or depressed.
The sutures are either simple, linear, or somewhat canaliculate.
There is a concavity in the subsutural area.
The about 5 whorls are spirally transversed by excessively minute spiral striae.
The body whorl has an acute nodulous carina at the periphery, and another angulation or keel at the middle of the upper surface of the whorl and continued upon the spire, and which is usually nodose on the body whorl.
There is usually, too, a third ridge or carina, generally coarsely nodose, between the two already described.
The base of the shell is more or less convex, generally shows microscopic concentric striae under a lens, and has about 5 low, narrow, separated spiral lirulae.
The columella and the inside of the umbilicus are either green or white.
This species is thus characterized by the two angulations on the body whorl and the fine, spiral sculpture between the two keels.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean and is common under rocks at high-tide level from Baja California, Mexico, to PeruTegula melaleucos
Tegula melaleucos is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 16 mm and 31 mm.
The rather solid shell has a conical shape.
The apex is obtuse.
The shell is profoundly umbilicated.
Its color is white, ornamented with oblique black flammules.
The six whorls show a coronal series of tubercles.
They are carinated with a nodulose carina.
They are channelled below the carina, and spirally bistriate.
The body whorl is bicarinate.
The base of the shell is concentrically sulcate.
The aperture is subrhomboid, with its upper part smooth.
The columella is arcuate; terminating in two teeth.
Characteristics of this species are: the whorls are divided by a nodose keel into a larger convex upper portion and a smaller channelled lower part.
A second series of blunt tubercles adorns the upper edge of the whorls along the suture.
Below there are slightly elevated striae.
The body whorl has the base sharply separated by a second keel.
The base is concentrically, rather deeply furrowed, the 6 furrows narrower than the intervening ridges.
In the umbilicus, which perforates almost to the apex, all of the whorls are visible, encircled by an acute carina.
The aperture is subquadrate, nacreous, smooth within, and has a groove indicating the place of the external keel.
The columella is S-shaped, and ends in a blunt tooth, before which there is a small acute denticle.
Above, the columellar plate is callous, and covers a small portion of the umbilicus.
The pretty markings of the shell consist of oblique, regular wide black streaks, separated by spaces as broad as themselves, on a white ground.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean between Ecuador and Northern Peru.Tegula panamensis
Tegula panamensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
(Original description by Philippi) The height of the shell attains 15 mm, its diameter 19 mm.
The solid shell has a globose-conoidal shape.
It is umbilicate and transversely sulcate.
Its color is brownish-red, almost wine-colored, marbled with white spots.
The 5 to 6 whorls are separated by a deep suture.
The upper ones are slightly, the penultimate, and the last strongly convex.
The circumference is indistinctly angled.
The whole upper surface is densely furrowed by blunt transverse sulci.
The transverse sulci number about 10 on penultimate, 24 on the body whorl, including the base.
The umbilicus is rather narrow, nearly cylindrical, encircled by a carina, above which a more prominent spiral rib revolves, which ends at the columella in three denticles.
The very oblique aperture is circular.
The columella is produced above in a lobe partly surrounding the umbilicus, below terminating in three denticles.
The lip is thickened within, and this thickening where it unites with the columella, leaves a deep furrow resulting from the continuity of the margin of the outer lip with the border of the umbilicus.
Above, the columella is continued in a lobe partly surrounding the umbilicus.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean from Nicaragua to EcuadorTegula patagonica
Tegula patagonica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 10 mm and 21 mm.
The thick, umbilicate shell has an orbiculate-conical shape.
It is transversely narrowly granulose-sulcate.
It has a uniform brownish or purplish color.
The spire is conic.
The apex is obtuse.
The five whorls are subcarinate with sutures excavated.
The aperture is rounded.
The columella is bidentate.
This marine species occurs from Southern Brazil to Southern Chile at depths between 0 m and 57 m.Tegula pellisserpentis
Tegula pellisserpentis, common name the serpent-tongue tegula, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 15 mm and 45 mm.
The very thick, solid and heavy, imperforate shell has a conical and elevated shape.
Its color is yellowish or pinkish, marked with narrow angular patches or interrupted longitudinal oblique stripes of black.
The spire is strictly conical.
The apex is acute.
The sutures are linear.
The eight whorls are encircled by weakly granose lirae, separated by narrow impressed lines.
The periphery is nearly smooth.
The base of the shell is smooth or lirate, and eroded in front of the oblique aperture.
The outer lip is thick within, smooth, bevelled to an edge.
The oblique columella bears in the middle a heavy tubercle, and is at the base less prominently toothed.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean from El Salvador to Colombia.Monaragala Royal College
Monaragala Royal College (; also known as Royal College Monaragala or Monaragala Rajakeeya Vidyalaya) is a national school in Monaragala, Sri Lanka.
The college was started in a small single building in 1969 and named as Hulandawa Nawa Kanitu Viduhala.The first principal was Mrs. Sooriyaarachchi.
Later school was upgraded and renamed as Moneragala Rajakeeya Vidyalaya.
The school was given the national school status and allowed to use the name of Royal College Moneragala.Tegula pfeifferi
Tegula pfeifferi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
"Tegula pfeifferi" is more commonly known as "Pfeiffer's Top Shell".
The height of the shell is 30 mm, its diameter 33 mm.
The solid, umbilicate shell has a conical shape with an acutely angled periphery.
It is dark purplish or brownish-purple and obliquely striate; the base radiately striate or streaked with white.
The elevated spire is strictly conical.
The apex is eroded.
The about 7 whorls are planulate above, the last acutely angular at the periphery.
The whorls are smooth or with fine spiral striae, and ill-defined longitudinal folds.
The base of the shell is smooth and obsoletely plano-concave.
The subhorizontal aperture occupies about half the area of the base.
The columella is dentate in the middle, expanded above in a white callus.
The circular umbilicus is profound and surrounded by a white zone.Tegula picta
Tegula picta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The height of the shell is 18.5 mm, its diameter 20.2 mm.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean from Ecuador to Peru.Tegula puntagordana
Tegula puntagordana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell attains 16 mm.
This marine species occurs off Venezuela at depths between 0 m and 16 m.Tegula regina
Tegula regina, common name the "queen tegula", is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 38 mm and 64 mm.
The imperforate shell has a conical shape.
It is black or purplish-black.
The 6 to 7 whorls are concave, longitudinally somewhat obliquely plicated.
The plicae more or less project at the suture and on the edge of the basal whorl, producing an undulating or crenulated effect.
Otherwise sculptured by incremental striae which traverse the surface and cross the plicae at right angles.
The base of the shell is concave, radiately, closely and prominently striated, more conspicuous flattened, coalescing and sinuously curving at the edge.
Commencing at the point where the outer lip joins the body whorl, a shallow groove follows parallel to the periphery and extends toward the aperture without interrupting the basal sculpture.
The oblique aperture is subangulate, black-rimmed and crenulated on the thin edge of the outer lip.
It is nacreous, silvery white toward the edge, bright lustrous golden yellow within and around the umbilical region, which latter though deeply pitted is not open.
The white columella has a callus and is arcuated with a moderately developed rib bounding the umbilical depression and terminating in a single tubercle.
This rib is paralleled by a shallow furrow terminating in a notch just below the tubercle, and by an exterior or outer ridge, part of the way double, of a brilliant orange color.
This orange-colored rib is also exteriorly bounded by a shallow furrow that becomes obsolete toward the aperture.
The base of the shell otherwise exhibits faint revolving sculpture.
This species was described by the author as "Uvalina regina".
W.H.
Dall recognized this species as "Tegula regina" because the operculum is horny and moderately multispiral, instead of possessing a heavy calcareous operculum as in true Uvalinas.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean from Southern California, USA to the Gulf of California, W MexicoTegula rubroflammulata
Tegula rubroflammulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shell varies between 10 mm and 18 mm.
This form is similar in general appearance and form to "Tegula quadricostata".
The spire is either elevated or rather depressed.
The sutures are deeply canaliculate.
The body whorl is encircled by three prominent, equidistant carinae, one subsutural, composed of rounded or
radiating knobs followed by two or three beaded lirulae, two at the periphery, prominently beaded, with a beaded riblet between them.
The base of the shell is encircled by 5 more or less beaded, equal lirae.
The entire surface is microscopically obliquely striate, and in some places decussated by microscopic spiral striae.
The oblique aperture is rounded-quadrate.
The thick outer lip is lirate within.
The columella is less deeply sinuous than in "T. quadricostata", arcuate, tridentate below.
The umbilicus is narrower than that of "T. quadricostata".
The color of the shell is whitish, radiately striped above with pink, the ribs of the base dotted or articulated with pink.
This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea; in the Pacific Ocean from Costa Rica to Panama.Tegula rugosa
Tegula rugosa, common name the rough top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
This marine species occurs off Lower California and the Gulf of California.
The height of the shell attains 26 mm, its diameter 27 mm.
Some are larger with a height of 50 mm.
The solid, heavy shell is narrowly umbilicate and has a conoidal shape.
It is dull cinereous, more or less variegated by brown, blackish or red streaks.
The spire is conoidal, generally eroded and white or yellow at the apex.
The about 5 whorls are obliquely striate, radiately coarsely and irregularly plicate and rugose above, sometimes nearly smooth.
The periphery is rounded.
The base of the shell is convex and concentrically lirate.
The aperture is oblique.
The columella is strongly dentate in the middle or below it, with a second small tooth at the base.
The edge of the columella is rather deeply curved above the tooth, but spreading at its junction with the whorl, bounding and somewhat narrowing the umbilicus by a white callus, which does not extend to the upper margin of the aperture.
The deep umbilicus is white within.Tegula snodgrassi
Tegula snodgrassi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
This marine species was found in the Pacific Ocean off the Albemarle Island, Galapagos Islands.Tegula verdispira
Tegula verdispira is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean off Islas Tres Marias, MexicoTegula verrucosa
Tegula verrucosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.
The size of the shells varies between 15 mm and 20 mm.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean from El Salvador to PeruTropidomarga biangulata
Tropidomarga biangulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell attains 15 mm.
This marine species occurs off the South Georgia Islands.Fashion Monster
Credits adapted from liner notes.Astralium asteriscum
Astralium asteriscum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell varies between 30 mm and 65 mm.
This marine species occurs off New Caledonia.Astralium confragosum
Astralium confragosum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell varies between 15 mm and 36 mm.
Rather low-conic shell is conspicuously radiately plicate above.
The folds are somewhat sigmoid and oblique, bearing a series of short rounded knobs above, and terminating in short spines, eighteen to twenty in number, at the carinated periphery.
The base of the shell is flat, squamosely lirate.
The aperture is tinged with green, especially at the columella.
The wrinkled operculum is deep green.
This marine species occurs off Hawaii, French Polynesia and the Marianas.Astralium heimburgi
Astralium heimburgi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell varies between 20 mm and 25 mm.
The conic shell is imperforate.
The five whorls are flattened and subgranosely densely lirate.
The periphery is carinated, armed with compressed imbricated subdeflexed spines.
The base of the shell is plano-convex, ornamented with spiral subimbricated lirae.
The columella has an oblong excavation at its termination.
The aperture is subrotund, silvery margaritaceous within.
The shell color is whitish, subroseous at the base.
This marine species occurs off Japan and Indonesia.Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed road race
The Mixed road race T1-2 cycling event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on September 8 at Brands Hatch.
Nineteen riders from sixteen different nations competed.
The race distance was 24 km.
Results were not factored.
"DNF" = Did Not Finish.
"DNS" = Did Not Start.
"LAP"=Lapped (8 km).Astralium lapillus
Astralium lapillus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell varies between 14 mm and 25 mm.
The imperforate shell has an obtusely turbinated shape.
its color pattern is fulvous, tinged with red at the base.
Most of the specimens are strongly covered with incrustations, which render it impossible to count the whorls.
The whorls convexly slope next the suture, then become tumidly rounded.
They are longitudinally rudely ribbed with ribs irregularly wrinkled and tuberculated.
The convex base of the shell is very closely irregularly scaled, with indistinct spiral lirae and fine radiating lamellae.
The margin is more or less lobed.
The aperture has rose-colored margins.
The interior of the aperture is grooved at some distance from the margin; only the groove corresponding to the keel, reaches the outer margin.
The operculum is externally very convex, with close-set granules, the margin is deep violet, especially the columellar one.
This marine species occurs off the Philippines and Fiji.Astralium latispina
Astralium latispina is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The length of the shell varies between 30 mm and 75 mm.
The imperforate shell has a conic shape.
It is greenish, brown maculated.
The seven whorls are subplanate, obliquely costulate below the sutures, then with two beaded spiral lirae.
The margins of the whorls are exserted, expanded, compressed, armed with triangular spines.
The body whorl is sharply carinate.
The base of the shell is radiately lamellose and ornamented with three or four granose concentric costae.
The umbilical area is depressed, pale greenish or yellowish.
The oblique aperture is angulate.
The oval operculum is on the outside white, smooth, with a single arcuate wide rib.
On the inside it is flat, chestnut colored.
The nucleus is submarginal.
This species occurs in the Gulf of Mexico and in the Atlantic Ocean off Brazil.Astralium milloni
Astralium milloni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean.Astralium nakamineae
Astralium nakamineae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.Astralium okamotoi
Astralium okamotoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell varies between 15 mm and 40 mm.
This marine shell occurs off Japan and the Philippines.Astralium rotularium
Astralium rotularium, common name the rotary star shell or the knob star shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell varies between 25 mm and 50 mm.
The white, subdepressed, imperforate shell has a conoid shape.
The spire is subacute.
The six whorls are obliquely finely costulate with numerous prominent imbricating laterally compressed plicae at the sutures.
The body whorl is carinated with plicate-nodose carina.
The base of the shell is convex, squamosely concentrically lirate.
The white columella is arcuate, not dentate.
The aperture is oblique.
This marine species is endemic to Australia and occurs off the Northern Territory, Queensland and Western AustraliaAstralium semicostatum
Astralium semicostatum, common name the half-ribbed star shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell varies between 25 mm and 40 mm.
The solid, imperforate shell has an elevated-conic shape.
Its color pattern is olive-brown or cinereous.
The apex is acute.
The 6-7 whorls are, sharply carinated.
Their upper surface is concave, longitudinally more or less finely and irregularly plicate below the sutures; coarsely plicate on the lower half of the whorls.
The folds terminate in short nodes at the periphery, twelve to sixteen in number on the body whorl, and also scalloping the sutures.
The base of the shell is flat, somewhat depressed around the middle, finely concentrically lirate and radiately striate.
The lirae number about eight to sixteen.
The suboval aperture is very oblique, white within, slightly channelled at the carina, but scarcely angulate.
The short columella is bluish, rosy or white, curved, and dentate below.
The base of the aperture is horizontal, sometimes with a submarginal row of minute tubercles within.
In some specimens the peripheral spines are rather long and directed outward.
The lirae of the base are sometimes coarser than the figures indicate.
And in fully matured individuals the outer ones become obsolete.
The marine species occurs off Southeast Asia.The Loner (Maurice Gibb song)
"The Loner" is a song written by Maurice Gibb and Billy Lawrie and originally included on Gibb's "The Loner" which was not released, although British rock band The Bloomfields covered the song and their version was released internationally, featuring a lead vocal of Billy Lawrie and Maurice Gibb, with Gibb on guitars and bass.
They recorded this song for the film "Bloomfield", but the film was called "The Hero" in America.
The song starts with a drum fill.
Gibb and Lawrie sang together in harmony on the line "I'm a loner".
On the record, Billy Lawrie was credited as 'B.
Laurie'.
Gibb announced that he would be writing and performing on Richard Harris' film "Bloomfield".
The songs that Gibb originally planned for the film, "Danny" and "'Till I Try".
But Gibb and Lawrie ended up re-recording "The Loner", a song from 1970 unreleased studio album of the same name by Gibb himself.
The Bloomfields recorded a new short version of "The Loner", a song from Gibb's unreleased solo studio album of the same name.
It was shortened by cutting out the short instrumental passages, but keeping the two verses and choruses intact.
Their version was recorded from 23 July 1970 at the Nova Sound Studios in London.
On the same day of sessions, they recorded "Men of Men" and "Ballet of Freedom" (both unreleased).
The song was released in the UK on 7 January 1972, and its B-side was "Homing in On the Next Trade Wind" performed by Heads, Hands & Feet released on Pye Records.
In the US, Capitol Records issued a single by Heads, Hands & Feet with two songs they did on the soundtrack "Hail the Conquering Hero"; its B-side was also the flipside of "The Loner" in the UK.
"The Loner" was also released on the film soundtrack of the same name.
The biggest differences between the two versions are a slower tempo, poor quality on Gibb's original (as that version was unreleased until now, and only appearing on some bootlegs) and the use of faster tempo on Bloomfields' version.
Its acetate version was issued in Japan on Ladybird Records but it was not officially released.
He played guitar, piano and bass on this song, The other musicians were played on this song included: Leslie Harvey of Stone the Crows on guitar, Johnny Coleman on piano, Geoff Bridgford on drums and Gerry Shury arranged the orchestra.
This version of "The Loner" was short, and Gibb and Lawrie sang lead.
"The Loner" was recorded on 9 December 1969 at Nova Sound Studios in London, the same session as "Railroad", "Take it Easy, Greasy", "I've Come Back", "Laughing Child", "She's the One You Love" and "Touch and Understand Love".Bolma aureola
Bolma aureola, common name the golden turbo shell or the scaly star shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
(Original description by Ch.
Hedley) The size of the shell varies between 60 mm and 100 mm.
The large, massive, imperforate shell has a conical shape and contains seven whorls.
The spire is elevate, later whorls becoming subscalar.
The colour is a uniform dull brick-red, except a brilliant cadmium-orange ring round the aperture.
The sculpture : the earlier whorls are strongly radiately plicate below the sutures.
The periphery is armed with short, broad, downwardly directed spines becoming obsolete towards the aperture.
On the penultimate whorl they number sixteen.
Close spiral cords densely beset with imbricating scales cover the surface of the shell.
Above there are ten cords carrying more distant hooded scales obliquely connected with those above and below.
On the base there are also ten cords with more crowded scales.
The base of the shell is flattened.
The aperture is very oblique, subcircular, within and upon the columella pearly.
A narrow inner margin to the lip continuous with an axial callus pad is bright cadmium-orange.
The operculum is pale orange, oblong.
Its nucleus is subterminal, hollow medially between two ribs, one of which rises proximally into a heavy callus mound.
The subscalar whorls, peripheral thorns and orange mouth of "Bolma.
aureolum" distinguish it.
This marine species is endemic to Australia and occurs off New South Wales and Queensland.Bolma bartschii
Bolma bartschii , common name Bartsch's star bolma, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
(Original description by W.H.
Dall) The size of the shell varies between 12 mm and 50 mm.
The thin, trochoid shell is yellowish white with rose-colored flammules and nebulosities, with more or less articulation on the spiral ridges.
The glassy nucleus is very minute.
The nepionic shell (i.e.
the whorls immediately following the embryonic whorls) are white, depressed above, of three rather rounded whorls with numerous low radial plications or riblets.
The subsequent whorls number four, with a sparsely imbricate keel at the periphery and a prominent, beaded, spiral cord one-third of the way from the appressed posterior suture toward the periphery.
This arrangement gives a channeled or turriculate aspect to the shell in the sutural region.
The body whorl has a third keel, imbricate like the peripheral one but less prominent, bordering the base.
The space between the beaded cord and the peripheral keel is on the upper whorls finely spirally striated, but on the last whorl, first two, and then a third, small spiral equidistant threads, articulated white and dark rose color, are developed.
The imbrications on the two keels are short, distant, subspinose, and channeled in front.
The base of the shell is nearly smooth, with fine spiral striation and a widespread, transparent, thin layer of enamel in front of the aperture.
The smooth columella is arcuate and pearly.
The outer lip is thin, sharp and markedly expanded.
The throat is pearly.
The aperture is quite oblique.
The white operculum is smooth, constructed like that of "Bolma rugosa", but with the external depression much less marked.
The radula shows a central tooth of squarish form without cusps, on a larger base, with four laterals on each side.
Their cusps are denticulate with a prominent spur below, behind the cusp, and the usual large mass of uncini.
This shell is so thin and delicate that it was a surprise to find it possessing a heavy calcareous operculum.
This marine species occurs off the Philippines and Indonesia.Bolma bathyraphis
Bolma bathyraphis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell attains 35 mm.
The imperforate shell has a turbinate shape with a conical spire, nine whorls and deeply, broadly canaliculate sutures.
The spire is marked by a row of granules.
The white apex is obtuse and plane.
The periphery is formed of a squamose keel which is spirally irregularly striated.
it ascends the spire above the sutural furrow, and between it and the suture there is a series of very small white granules.
Of the row of granules upon the lower half of the body whorl, the third from the periphery is a little larger than the first and second and much larger than those below.
Both above and below this third row a few spiral elevated lines are noticeable.
The aperture, has an irregular rounded shape.
Although quite smooth within, it has the appearance of being sulcated, the pseudo-sulci corresponding to the rows of granules.
This marine species occurs in the Eastern Indian Ocean and off the Maldives and New Caledonia.Bolma boucheti
Bolma boucheti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
This marine species occurs off New Caledonia.Bolma castelinae
Bolma castelinae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The height of the shell attains 26.5 mm.
This marine species occurs off New Caledonia at a depth of 530 m.Bolma exotica
Bolma exotica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The height of the shell attains 11 mm.
This marine species occurs off the Philippines.Nguyễn Bính
Nguyễn Bính (Vụ Bản 1918 – Nam Định 1966) was a Vietnamese poet.
A committed supporter of the August Revolution he moved to the resistance base in Đồng Tháp Mười leading a literature and arts unit.
Later he was editor of the semi-independent poetry magazine "Trăm hoa", Hundred Flowers.Bolma flava
Bolma flava is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
This species occurs in the Indian Ocean off Madagascar.Bolma guttata
Bolma guttata, common name the sandpaper bolma, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell varies between 35 mm and 45 mm.
The turbinate-conic shell has an umbilicus covered by callus.
The spire is elevated.
Its color pattern is flesh-colored, gold-tinted, and punctate with reddish.
The deep sutures are canaliculate.
The convex whorls are cingulate with rows of bead-like separated granules.
The interstices are longitudinally obliquely striate.
At the suture they are ornamented with a series of squamiform tubercles.
The circular aperture is sulcate within, a thin wide callus covering the umbilicus.
This marine species occurs off Japan, the Philippines and Queensland, Australia.Bolma henica
Bolma henica, common name the deep sea star shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The size of the shell varies between 20 mm and 37 mm.
The shell conical has a conical shape and is elevated with 7-8 whorls.
Its color pattern is light yellowish ruddy, paler below.
The apex is round.
The first whorl is flattened.
The upper three whorls are radiately ribbed, the following radiately slightly plicate in the direction of lines of growth, with a spiral series of rather large white separate beads upon the edge of the flattened shoulder below the suture, and six series of distinct small beads, separated by interstices of half their breadth upon the slope of the whorl.
The periphery is sharply bicarinate, with the upper carina stellate with sharp compressed hollow spines, about twelve in number on body whorl.
The lower carina contains thirty to thirty-five vaulted scales, becoming spines toward the aperture.
Between the carinae there are four rows of beads.
The base of the shell is flat, with about ten concentric rows of very regular beads.
The aperture is oblique, white within.
The white columella is bluntly toothed below.
The white umbilical tract is polished and slightly ridged.
The operculum is oval, within flat, brown.
Its outside is thick, white, granulose with a slight flange on the outer margin.
This marine species occurs in the Indo-West Pacific and off Japan, the Philippines and Australia (New South Wales, Queensland)Bolma kermadecensis
Bolma kermadecensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
The height of the shell attains 36 mm, its diameter 47 mm.
This marine species is endemic to New Zealand and occurs the Kermadec Islands.Sarah Derith
Sarah Derith, née "Wright" (1680-1745), was a politically active Swedish (originally British) countess and salon holder, married to the Swedish politician count Carl Gyllenborg.
She was the daughter of John Wright, esq; attorney-general of Jamaica, and married first to Elias Deritt.
She was known as a Tory Sympathiser.
In 1710, she married the Swedish diplomat Carl Gyllenborg, at the time posted in London.
She was at the time a wealthy widow with a salon that gathered a large net of influential people in from the political, cultural, scientific and merchant world.
After their marriage, her spouse also used her salon to benefit Swedish interests in Great Britain by creating a pro-Swedish attitude with the British politicians attending her salon.
Sarah Wright was a jacobite, and worked for reinstating the Stuart dynasty on the British throne.
Carl Gyllenborg was implicated in an attempted coup planned by Wright, placed in house arrest and expelled: his part in the affair is unknown.
After his return to Sweden, he financed his political career with his spouse's money.
Sarah Wright participated in the political life also in Sweden, and are mentioned alongside Hedvig Catharina Lillie as examples of the politically active women in Sweden during the age of liberty.
In 1734, when the sexual relationship between Hedvig Taube and King Frederick I of Sweden was publicly recognised after the birth of a son, Taube was initially socially boycotted when the female members of the aristocracy refused to pay her visits.
Sarah Wright belonged to the three noblewomen who broke this boycott by visiting Taube in the company of her husband, Eleonora Magdalena Wachtmeister and Eleonora Lindheim.
During the visit, they asked for favours from the monarch through Taube, which broke the boycott and started the political position of Taube as an intermediary.Greedhead Music
Greedhead Music is an independent record label founded by Himanshu Suri of Das Racist.
Initially, Suri founded Greedhead Music as a management and recording company in 2008 to manage Das Racist.
Greedhead's first releases were the group's 2010 mixtapes, "Shut Up, Dude" and "Sit Down, Man".
Das Racist's first commercially available album, "Relax", was also the first commercial release on the Greedhead imprint.
Greedhead has since released solo mixtapes by both Kool A.D. ("The Palm Wine Drinkard" and "51") and Heems ("Nehru Jackets").
The label has also released works by Dash Speaks, Weekend Money, Keepaway, Lakutis, Big Baby Gandhi, Le1f, Antwon, and Meyhem Lauren, as well as non-hip-hop acts like singer Safe, Scottish bhangra act Tigerstyle, and comedian Joe Mande.
On July 9, 2015, Suri announced that he would be effectively shutting down Greedhead.
He claimed that the cost of releasing and promoting free releases for the label's roster left him more than $10,000 in debt.
Suri added, however, that his own music would continue to be released on the Greedhead imprint.German submarine U-387
German submarine "U-387" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out ten patrols.
She sank no ships.
She was a member of eleven wolfpacks.
She was sunk by HMS Bamborough Castle in the Barents Sea in December 1944.
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines.
"U-387" had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged.
She had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of .
The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Garbe, Lahmeyer & Co. RP 137/c double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged.
She had two shafts and two propellers.
The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of .
When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at .
"U-387" was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, 220 rounds, and two twin C/30 anti-aircraft guns.
The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
The submarine was laid down on 5 September 1941 at the Howaldtswerke yard at Kiel as yard number 18, launched on 1 October 1942 and commissioned on 24 November under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Rudolf Büchler.
She served with the 5th U-boat Flotilla from 24 November 1942 and the 7th flotilla from 1 July 1943.
She was reassigned to the 13th flotilla from 1 November until her loss.
"U-387"s first patrol was preceded by short trips from Kiel to Marviken, then to Bergen in June 1943.
The boat's patrol proper commenced with her departure from Bergen on 3 July.
She followed the Norwegian coast as far as Bodø and then headed due north as far as a point a few miles short of Svalbard.
She then sailed south, passing to the west of Bear Island, docking in Narvik on 21 August.
At 50 days, it was her longest patrol, but sighting the enemy did not happen.
The boat's second and third sorties were both divided into two parts.
Her crew got to know the northern Norwegian, Greenland and Barents Seas particularly well.
The monotony of her fourth, fifth and sixth forays was not relieved by success.
By now based in Narvik, the submarine was carrying out her seventh patrol when she was attacked by a Norwegian-crewed Sunderland flying boat of No.
330 Squadron RAF.
Enough damage was inflicted to oblige the U-boat to put into Trondheim for repairs.
"U-387"s eighth patrol was uneventful as was her ninth, which took her to the waters around the North Cape.
The boat left Narvik for the last time on 24 November 1944.
On 9 December, she was sunk in the Barents Sea near Murmansk by depth charges dropped by the British corvette .
Fifty-one men died in the U-boat; there were no survivors.
"U-387" took part in eleven wolfpacks, namely.Pink Friday (fragrance)
Pink Friday is the first fragrance created by American rapper, singer, songwriter, actress and model Nicki Minaj with Give Back Brands, first released on September 22, 2012 in the US and Australia.
The bottle was designed by Lance McGregor of Paul Meyers and Friends.
Elizabeth Arden bought the licence to distribute the fragrance to major retail stores worldwide.
With the success of Pink Friday, Minaj released two limited edition flankers of the fragrance called Pink Friday Special Edition, and Pink Friday Deluxe Edition, respectively.
The perfume was nominated for three 2013 FiFi Awards for Fragrance of the Year, Best Packaging, and Media Campaign of the Year.
Pink Friday was succeeded by the fragrances Minajesty and Onika.
Minaj first alluded to Pink Friday in her verse on Drake's "Make Me Proud" in 2011, rapping, "It's MAC, OPI, and a fragrance too/ apparel I'm dominating in every avenue".
Minaj and Give Back Brands worked on the fragrance throughout 2011 and early 2012, from an interview with BET Minaj stated "I like scents that feel summery, but have a va-va-voom I want to smell like a sexy and confident woman, not like candy".
Speaking of the development of the fragrance Minaj is quoted saying:
"Pink Friday" is a celebration of my life at this moment; it is a reflection of me as a creator, and an expression of me as a woman.
I know my Barbz will connect with and appreciate each aspect – from the name, to the outrageous bottle design, to the vibrant colors that create their own song.
Pink Friday shows off my personality and style; it's exciting to express my voice through another dimension...I was involved in every aspect of the decision-making process – it seems easy because I always get this feeling inside: I know if something is right or wrong.
Each detail needs to 'wow' me or it is not an option; that's my way of composing perfection."
The fragrance contains scents of Boysenberry, lotus flower, Italian mandarin, star fruit, pearl, musk and vanilla.
The bottle, designed by Lance McGregor of Paul Meyers and Friends, was revealed by Minaj through Twitter, which resembles Minaj as she appears on the cover her 2010 album "Pink Friday."
Minaj described the fragrance smelling like "angels playing".
A commercial was filmed in August 2012.
The promotional internet ad leaked online on October 27, 2012.
The commercial uses Minaj's song "Whip It" from her sophomore album "" as the theme song, and shows a giant Minaj dressed in a pink wig, tutu and bra, wandering through New York City.
Then, as she sprays others with the fragrance, they also become giants.
The official fragrance commercial was released November 16, 2012, shot by Howard Huang.
Which featured Minaj laying in a field of black roses.
She then cuts herself by touching the thorn of a rose, and bleeds pink blood.
The roses then become pink, and so do her eyes, as her skin apparently slowly turns to solid gold.
The perfume bottle is then shown, with the fragrance name being whispered calmly.
The commercial features her single "Freedom" Minaj held two fragrance launches at Macy's, the first on September 24, 2012 in New York City, and the second on November 29, 2012 in Sydney.
To promote the fragrance Minaj appeared on many television networks to promote the release of her fragrance such as The View, Good Morning America, and 106 & Park.
For the United Kingdom releases of Pink Friday, Minaj presented four bottle outfit designs on March 4, 2013, which were designed in similar outfits Minaj herself has worn, all named under the imprint ""Couture By Minaj"" exclusively sold at Selfridges in the UK.
Speaking of the exclusive release of outfits for the UK's launch, Minaj said "For the Couture the designers took direct inspiration from my outfits, so there is a dark, sexy moment, a fun, pink moment and more of a fairytale, fantasy moment.
It’s indicative of my personality; I like to change my hair, my clothes, my makeup a lot [...] I know my UK fans are getting the scent later, but now they get to play dress up with it, and no one else does."
For the release of "Pink Friday Deluxe Edition", two more outfits were announced for special release in Germany.
The six "Couture By Minaj" outfits are:
Products available in the "Pink Friday" line include:
Perfume
Other products
Gifts
Pink Friday Special Edition is a limited edition fragrance by Nicki Minaj.
It is her 1st limited edition fragrance, and 2nd scent overall.
The bottle has the same shape as Pink Friday and Pink Friday Deluxe Edition, but will be refreshed with a new color combination of a white wig and transparent body.
The scent is notably lighter.
The fragrance contains scents of apple, grapefruit, white raspberry, water lily, honeysuckle, jasmine, pear, and musk.
Minaj commented that the new fragrance adds "a bit of dimension and playfulness to the original scent".
Perfume
Pink Friday Deluxe Edition is a limited edition fragrance by Nicki Minaj.
It is her 2nd limited edition fragrance, and 4th scent overall.
The bottle has the same shape as Pink Friday and Pink Friday Special Edition, but will be refreshed with a new color combination of a black wig and gold body.
The scent is notably heavier.
The fragrance contains scents of starfruit, Italian mandarin, boysenberry, lotus flower, jasmine petals, fresh gardenia, vanilla, and pear.
Perfume
GiftsPlain of Reeds
Plain of Reeds
Đồng Tháp Mười is a "back swamp" forming a large inundated depression of highly acidic soil.
Until the 1970s, only primitive floating rice could be grown in the area.
It is similar to a very large swampy floodplain stretching along the Bassac River from Châu Đốc to the foot of the Takeo Plateau.
It was around 1,000,000 hectares in the 18th Century, and is now half that size due to drainage.
Within Đồng Tháp Mười the Tràm Chim National Park has been protected for the conservation of wetland ecosystems.
Pre-Angkor remains along the Vàm Cỏ indicate that the Vàm Cỏ originally connected with the main Mekong riverways at Dong Thap Muoi, and would have formed the main route from Cambodia to the South China Sea.
However, when the river silted up the Khmers abandoned the area.
Đồng Tháp Mười had served as a base for rebels and bandits throughout Vietnam's recent history.
During the First Indochina War, the swamp frequently served as a base for the Viet Minh, though the French anticipated and prevented this on at least one occasion.
The area was used as a base by Ba Cụt.
During the Vietnam War the Plain covered an area of 2500 square miles across Kien Tuong, Kien Phong, Hậu Nghĩa, Long An and Định Tường Provinces and again served as a base for Vietcong forces.
From 1–8 January 1966 U.S., Australian and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) forces conducted Operation Marauder/Operation An Dan 564 in the area.Kac Wawa
Kac Wawa is a 2012 Polish comedy film directed by Łukasz Karwowski.
It tells the story of a group of men, one of whom is getting married, and therefore the others throw a buck's party for him.
Andrzej is getting married and, on the night before his wedding, he and his friends (Karol, Jarek, Tomek, and Jerzy) meet up in order to play Macao, whereas his
fiancé Marta is having her bachelorette party.
As she gets more and more drunk and starts wandering across Warsaw, Andrzej and the others are trying to find some prostitutes to keep them company for the rest of the night.
Some theaters removed the film from the repertoire.
A worker of one of those cinemas explained: "We withdrew "Kac Wawa" because we couldn't sell the tickets.
People would leave the cinema while the movie was being shown.
After that only one or two people would turn up.
We figured we couldn't afford to keep this movie in the repertoire."
Polish critic Tomasz Raczek wrote in his review:
Producer Jacek Samojłowicz sued Raczek, saying that "according to [his] lawyers, [Raczek] has exceeded the limits of film criticism and breached journalistic ethics, perhaps for personal reasons."
The film's screenwriter, Piotr Czaja, confronted Raczek, accusing him of having failed to understand the message of "Kac Wawa".
Czaja also stated that he had been given the impression that the viewers liked the film and laughed a lot.
On his Facebook profile, Szyc wrote: "Critics are one-legged theorists of the broad jump.
It's easiest to just criticize; especially we Poles love it."Aleuritopteris albomarginata
Aleuritopteris albomarginata is an herbal plant used in Nepal and India.Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's road race B
The Women's road race B event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on September 8 at Brands Hatch.
Thirteen riders from ten different nations competed.
The race distance was 80 km.
"DNF" = Did Not Finish.Matthew Kleinveldt
Matthew Caleb Kleinveldt is an England-born South African cricketer.
Though born and bred in England, Kleinveldt rejected an offer to play for Hampshire due to England’s new stern sporting visa requirements.
He duly moved back to South Africa to start a cricketing career there.
Kleinveldt is also cousin of ex-Protea cricketer Rory Kleinveldt.
Though born in England, Kleinveldt made his professional cricketing debuts all in South Africa.
A tall, elegant left-handed batsman, Kleinveldt had a respectable first-class debut scoring 41 in the first innings and 13 in the second, against Eastern Province in 2010.
He made his debut for the Cape Cobras in early 2012 scoring 9 runs against the Dolphins before being dismissed.
He then made another debut for the Cape Cobras in 2015 in their Four-day Test against the Dolphins where he scored 99 runs.
He was the leading run-scorer in the 2017–18 Sunfoil 3-Day Cup for Western Province, with 446 runs in nine matches.
He was also the leading run-scorer for Western Province in the 2018–19 CSA 3-Day Provincial Cup, with 629 runs in eight matches, and the leading run-scorer for Western Province in the 2018–19 CSA Provincial One-Day Challenge, with 426 runs in ten matches.Martyrs' Day (Afghanistan)
In May 2012, the National Assembly of Afghanistan is reported to have accepted September 9 (or September 8, variable per Solar Hijri calendar) as "a new national holiday to honour national hero Ahmad Shah Massoud and those who died fighting for the country."
The date is set as a Shahrivar 18.
Ahmad Shah Massoud was an Afghan military leader from Panjshir Valley.
He was a leader of the resistance against the Soviet invasion and the Taliban.
He was assassinated on September 9, 2001 in a suicide attack.
Massoud Day is a holiday in Afghanistan that occurs each year as a commemoration of his death.
On September 8, 2012, Afghanistan celebrated Martyrs' Day.
The holiday is celebrated as Haftai Shahid, or "Martyr Week".
It is also observed as Massoud Day.
[[Category:Non-Gregorian September observances]]
[[Category:Observances honoring victims of war]]
[[Category:Public holidays in Afghanistan]]
[[Category:History of Afghanistan (1992–present)]]
[[Category:Observances set by the Solar Hijri calendar]]Valukkai Aru
Valukkai Aru is a seasonal river in Northern Province, Sri Lanka.
It is the only river on the Jaffna Peninsula.
The river rises near Tellippalai, before flowing south-west through Kandarodai, Sandilipay and Vaddukoddai.
The river empties into Jaffna Lagoon near Araly.Abiah W. Palmer
Abiah W. Palmer (January 25, 1835 in Amenia, Dutchess County, New York – January 10, 1881 in Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado) was an American politician from New York.
He was the son of Capt.
Abiah Palmer.
He attended Amenia Seminary, and Oneida Conference Seminary in Cazenovia.
Then he entered Union College, but due to ill health left in 1856 without graduating.
He spent several months taking the "water cure" at Clifton Springs, and then travelled for two years about Europe.
In 1859, he returned to his homestead in Amenia, and engaged in farming and the mining of iron ore.
In 1864, he became the first President of the First National Bank of Amenia.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Dutchess Co., 1st D.) in 1860 and 1866.
In 1866, Palmer was appointed by Gov.
Reuben E. Fenton as Chairman of the Board of Commissioners in charge to select a site to establish the Hudson River State Hospital for the Insane.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (11th D.) in 1868, 1869, 1872 and 1873.
In July 1870, he married Jeannette Yeamans (1851–1921), and they had two children.
At the 1870 New York state election, he ran on the Republican ticket for New York State Comptroller, but was defeated by the incumbent Democrat Asher P. Nichols.
Afterwards, to improve his health, he went to live in Colorado Springs, where he died in 1881.
He was buried at the Amenia Island Cemetery.B. Shankaranand
B. Shankaranand (1925-2009) was a congress politician from Karnataka and minister in government of India.
He remained minister of Human Resource Development from 14 January 1980 to 17 October 1980.
He headed the first ever Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) formed to investigate into the Bofors Scandal which gave its report on 26 April 1988.
He has represented Chikkodi (Lok Sabha constituency) for about eight times in his political career.Lykke Li discography
Lykke Li is a Swedish singer and songwriter.
Her discography consists of four studio albums, three extended plays (EPs), twenty-one singles (including two as a featured artist), and sixteen music videos.
Eager to pursue a music career, Li began working with producer Björn Yttling of Swedish indie rock band Peter Bjorn and John when she was 19.
The sessions resulted in her debut EP "Little Bit", which she released on her own label LL Recordings in 2007.
The release garnered attention from indie pop and mainstream publications in Sweden, while its title track peaked at number 20 on the Sverigetopplistan singles chart.
Li soon released her debut studio album, "Youth Novels" (2008), which peaked at number three on the Swedish albums chart and spawned three more singles, including her second chart entry "I'm Good, I'm Gone".
She then signed with Atlantic Records to distribute her releases worldwide.
"Youth Novels" received widespread critical praise, but sales were poor.
Li appeared on American hip hop group N.A.S.A.
's single "Gifted" in 2009, and penned and recorded the song "Possibility" for the of "" later that year.
Her second studio album "Wounded Rhymes" (2011) received similar critical success as "Youth Novels", while adopting a darker sound.
The album peaked at number two in Sweden and was certified gold by the Swedish Recording Industry Association (GLF).
It also reached the top 20 on the album charts of Canada, Denmark, Finland, Ireland and Norway.
"Wounded Rhymes" second single, "I Follow Rivers", is Li's best performing single to date; it reached the top five on multiple charts and peaked at number one in Belgium (Flanders and Wallonia) and Germany, and earned certifications in Belgium, France, Germany and Switzerland.
Li's third studio album "I Never Learn" (2014) showcased a more melancholic sound compared to her previous releases, and was named one of the best albums of 2014 by several American music publications.New Zealand Society of Authors
The New Zealand Society of Authors (PEN New Zealand Inc.) promotes and protects the interests of New Zealand writers.
It was founded as the New Zealand PEN Centre (Poets, Essays and Novelists) in 1934.
It broadened its scope and became the New Zealand Society of Authors in 1994, under the presidency of writer Philip Temple.
There are seven branches covering all regions of New Zealand.
Branches were established in Wellington and Auckland first, and later in Otago and Canterbury.
The Otago Branch was established in Dunedin in 1982 under the leadership of writer and artist Christodoulos Moisa, who had moved to there from Auckland.
He was helped by poet Graham Lindsay.
Moisa had been nominated for membership by "Auckland Star" editor and writer David Ballantyne and Prof. Bernard Brown before he left Auckland to live in Dunedin.
The branch used to meet once a month in the staffroom of the Hocken Building, where Moisa worked as an artist on the Ban Nadi Archeological project of the Otago University Department of Anthropology.
Among its first members were Graham Lindsay, Hone Tuwhare (poet), Bill Dean (lecturer of English), Peter Olds (poet), Owen Marshall (writer) and Cilla McQueen (poet).
The Canterbury Branch was established in Christchurch in 1984 under the leadership of Moisa, who had moved to the city from Dunedin.
It met once a month at the Media Club Rooms in Armagh Street and in various other venues around Christchurch.
Among its first members were Margaret Mahy, Gavin Bishop, Elsie Locke, Michael Harlow and Glenn Busch.Dane Piedt
Dane Leeroy Piedt (born 6 March 1990) is a South African cricketer.
He plays for the Cape Cobras.
He made his Test cricket debut for South Africa against Zimbabwe in August 2014.
Piedt, like many of his other Cape Cobras' team-mates, made his first-class debut for the Western Province cricket team.
Primarily an off-spin bowler, Piedt is also a useful lower-order batsman.
Piedt signed with the Cape Cobras in 2011.
In August 2017, he was named in Jo'burg Giants' squad for the first season of the T20 Global League.
However, in October 2017, Cricket South Africa initially postponed the tournament until November 2018, with it being cancelled soon after.
In June 2018, he was named in the squad for the Cape Cobras team for the 2018–19 season.
In October 2018, he was named in Cape Town Blitz's squad for the first edition of the Mzansi Super League T20 tournament.
In January 2019, in the 2018–19 CSA 4-Day Franchise Series, he scored his maiden century in first-class cricket.
He was the leading wicket-taker in the 2018–19 CSA 4-Day Franchise Series, with 54 dismissals in ten matches.
In August 2019, he was named the Four-day franchise Series Cricketer of the Season at Cricket South Africa's annual award ceremony.
Piedt represented South Africa during an Emerging Players tournament between India, Australia and New Zealand.
He had a largely ineffective tournament, playing in one first-class match taking a wicket albeit expensively, and did not take a wicket in one limited overs outing.Paul Breza
Paul Joseph Breza, Roman Catholic priest and Kashubian American activist, was born in Winona, Minnesota on June 23, 1937, the son of Joseph Peter and Alice Seraphine (Pehler) Breza, both of whom were descendants of Kashubian immigrants from Bytów, Poland.
He was educated at Saint Stanislaus Kostka School, Cotter High School and Saint Mary's University of Minnesota.
After completing his seminary studies, Father Breza was ordained a priest on June 1, 1963 for the Diocese of Winona.
During his nearly fifty years of active priestly ministry, Father Breza has served the Diocese of Winona in a number of roles: pastor, chaplain, teacher, and administrator, tending to people from across the spectrum of society.
In his retirement, he continues to fill in for other priests whenever needed in addition to serving as the Diocesan archivist.
See also Kashubians#Diaspora
In 1979, Father Breza established the Polish Cultural Institute and Museum, located in Winona in a former lumber yard office he had purchased two years earlier.
Initially intended to commemorate Winona's Polish American heritage, the Cultural Institute and Museum has also developed a Kashubian element after Father Breza's visits to Bytów in the late 1980s and the 1990s.
Under Father Breza's guidance, Winona and Bytów became Sister Cities in 2004, and Bytów celebrated its first annual"Dzien Winony" ("Winona Day") on September 26, 2006.
Under the Polish Cultural Institute's auspices, students from both Winona and Bytów participate in an exchange program, the most recent of which took place in 2012.
Father Breza has also been instrumental in highlighting Winona's longtime status, dating back to 1898, as "Kashubian Capital of America."
Father Breza has received public honors for his priestly ministry and for his service to the Kashubian American community, both in Poland and in the United States.
In 2007 his alma mater, Cotter High School, named him its third "Alumnus of the Year."
In 2008 the city of Bytow recognized him with the title "Honorary Citizen of Bytow."
In 2010, Father Breza was inducted into Winona's Polish Heritage Hall of Fame.
On May 5, 2013, in a ceremony at the Polish Museum, the Polish Consul General in Chicago, Ms. Paulina Kapuscinska, presented Father Breza with the Cavalier’s Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland for his contribution to Polish American relations.
On June 1, 2013, with representatives from the town on Bytow in attendance, Father Breza celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of his ordination to the Roman Catholic priesthood with a special Mass at the Basilica of Saint Stanislaus Kostka and a banquet at the Polish Museum.List of wars involving CyprusParasuramalingeswarar Temple
Parasuramalingeswarar Temple is a Hindu temple situated in the neighbourhood of Ayanavaram in Chennai, India.
The presiding deity is Shiva as Parasuramalingeswarar and the goddess is Parvathi.
The main idol is in the form of a "linga".Cengiz Yalcin
Cengiz Yalcin was one of three men arrested by Spanish authorities on Wednesday, 1 August 2012, on suspicion that they were planning an al-Qaeda terrorist attack.
Cengiz Yalcin, a Turkish national, who was characterised as a "facilitator" in the cell.
Yalcin was arrested in an apartment in La Línea de la Concepción where he resided; there authorities found computers, explosives, light aircraft handbooks, and radio-controlled aircraft.
The suspect had been employed by Profield Contractors in Gibraltar for at least three years, and he crossed the border each day.
He was identified as a site manager on the company's website, and he had participated in a construction project at Western Beach in July 2012.
Yalcin was recognized by an acquaintance when the interior ministry of Spain released photos of the three men; an employee of Profield Contractors confirmed his identity.
On the photographs that were released, the suspects were identified only by initials: C.Y., A.A.A., and M.A.
On 1 August 2012, the Royal Gibraltar Police searched the company depot at Eastern Beach.
The two other men, Russian nationals eventually identified as Eldar Magomedov and Muhamed Ankari Adamov, were arrested earlier that day in Ciudad Real on a bus bound for France.
All three suspects had been under surveillance by police and, in recent weeks, they had been operating a motorized paraglider in Gibraltar.
Yalcin had purchased paragliding lessons for the other two suspects.
There was concern that the trio had been planning an airborne terrorist attack.
Before residing in Spain, the men had trained at camps in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and at least one was reported to be proficient with poisons and explosives.
The three suspects appeared in Spain's National Court where they were questioned by a judge.
Security at the border between Gibraltar and Spain was tightened, resulting in lengthy delays.
It was reported shortly thereafter that the Turk had requested that an instructor, from whom he'd been taking motorized paragliding lessons, assist him in obtaining aerial photographs of a supermarket or shopping centre in Gibraltar, "whatever it costs."
After being informed that it was impossible, Yalcin questioned whether the photographs could be acquired in a light aircraft, claiming that he needed the image for a construction project he was undertaking at that location.
It was later learned that one of the two Russians, Magomedov, had been using a false identity.
The French alerted authorities that the two planned a trip to Spain to acquire explosives; they entered the country between April and May, although one source specified 20 May 2012.
UK and American authorities had connected the two Russians with a Pakistani group.
On 5 August 2012, Spanish judge Pablo Rafael Ruz Gutiérrez issued a statement that the Royal Gibraltar Police, as well as authorities in France, Russia, and the United States, had been instrumental in the investigation surrounding the apprehension of the suspected terrorist cell.Right to homeland
The right to homeland is according to some legal scholars a universal human right, which is derived from the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including its Article 9.
The concept evolved in German jurisprudence and is recognized in German constitutional law to a certain degree.
Notable proponents of the concept include legal scholars Kurl Rabl, Rudolf Laun, Otto Kimminich, Dieter Blumenwitz, Felix Ermacora and Alfred-Maurice de Zayas.
The concept is relevant to debates concerning ethnic cleansing in Europe after World War II (notably of Germans and Hungarians), ethnic cleansing in Palestine, Cyprus and other areas.Nguyễn Bình
Nguyễn Bình born Nguyễn Phương Thảo (1906, Tien Tinh - 1951) was a Lieutenant-general in the Viet Minh.
He was imprisoned by the French on the island of Poulo Condore in the early 1920s.
He was sent by Ho Chi Minh in 1945 to establish a resistance to French rule in Cochinchina where he established his base of operations in the Plain of Reeds near Saigon.
A former member of the Việt Nam Quốc Dân Đảng, he joined the Indochinese Communist Party in 1946.
According to Vietnamese historian Christopher Goscha, Nguyễn Bình was born in Hai Hung province in northern Vietnam, Nguyễn Bình came from a poor family.
After finishing his primary schooling, he moved to Haiphong and then made his way to Cochinchina where he worked as a laundry boy and frequented the docks of Saigon.
He also became increasingly involved in nationalist politics.
It was during this time that he befriended an influential intellectual and journalist, Tran Huy Lieu, who introduced him into the Vietnamese Nationalist Party (Viet Nam Quoc Dan Dang, VNQDD) in 1928.
In 1930, the French sentenced Nguyễn Bình to hard labor in Poulo Condor for his political activities.
However, while Tran Huy Lieu crossed over to the Indochinese Communist Party (ICP) while doing hard time, Nguyễn Bình did not.
He left the island on 12 October 1934, and the nature of his activities during the rest of the 1930s remains a mystery.
During World War II, he reappeared in Hai-phong, organizing anti-Japanese and then anti-French activities in cooperation with communists working in the Red River Delta, including his long time friend Tran Huy Lieu.
Following the Japanese overthrow of the French, Nguyễn Bình began organizing his own local armed forces in the coastal areas of northeastern Vietnam, in what was known as the Tran Hung Dao war zone.
With the emergence of the DRV in September 1945, Ho Chi Minh and other communist leaders were impressed by Nguyễn Bình’s initiative in these areas.
They brought him into the government and turned this independent-minded nationalist into their military commander-in-chief for a southern Vietnam already at war.
Nguyễn Bình arrived in the south in November 1945 and began unifying bandit groups, sects, and religious forces as best he could into an organized armed force to fight the French forces of General Philippe Leclerc.
In December 1945, Nguyễn Bình became chief of war Zone VII (Bo Tu Lenh Khu VII) in eastern Nam Bo, including the colonial city of Saigon-Cholon.
When all the best French forces transferred to the north in March 1946, he was able to strengthen his guerrilla activities considerably in the south.
In June 1946, Nguyễn Bình joined the ICP.
Later that year, he urged Hanoi-based leaders to forget about negotiating with the French and to prepare instead for full-scale war, including the leveling of Hanoi.
Indeed, he ran an angry urban war against the French and their Vietnamese allies in the streets and back alleys of Saigon-Cholon throughout the rest of the 1940s.
On several occasions, Nguyễn Bình made his way secretly into Saigon to organize sabotage and assassination squads.
In early 1947, as the French began to break off the Cao Dai and Hoa Hao from Nguyễn Bình’s united front, he took a hard line towards the defecting religious leaders.
The result was civil war between Nguyễn Bình’s army and the forces of the Hoa Hao and Cao Dai, leading to the Viet Minh’s assassination of Huynh Phu So.
In 1948, the leader of the Binh Xuyen, Le Van Vien, broke with Nguyễn Bình and defected to the French side.
In January 1948, Nguyễn Bình was named major general in the DRV army, second only to General Vo Nguyen Giap.
In 1949, as the Vietnamese prepared for the “general counter-offensive”, Ho Chi Minh named him commander of the armed forces in the south.
Nguyễn Bình began building in earnest a modern army, organized in battalions and briefly as regiments.
In 1949 and 1950, apparently on orders from the north, he launched head-on attacks against French posts across southern Vietnam.
Thanks to superior artillery and air power, the French handed him one of his worst setbacks in his life while powerful communists began to criticize his tactics.
Nonetheless, Nguyễn Bình had demonstrated that not only could southerners fight an urban war, but they could also move towards creating a modern army as in the north, and this without a Chinese rear-guard and large-scale foreign aid.
Bình was described by one French journalist as "cruel, indefatigable, pitless, authoritarian."
He nevertheless became a hero to some in the revolutionary movement, and an enemy to many in the Hòa Hảo, Cao Đài, and other organizations that eventually opposed the Democratic Republic of Vietnam.
In late 1951, following important changes occurring at the international level and within the ICP, the DRV summoned Nguyễn Bình to the north for further training and consultations in preparation for the wider war against the French, including the creation of a trans-Indochinese supply trail running from the north to the south.
While crossing through northeastern Cambodia, Nguyen Binh perished in an ambush in September 1951 laid by the 4th Bataillon de chasseurs cambodgiens under Jacques Hogard.
General Nguyen Binh’s remains were returned to Vietnam from Cambodia in 2000.Kevin Powers
Kevin Powers (born July 11, 1980) is an American fiction writer, poet, and Iraq War veteran.
Powers was born and raised in Richmond, Virginia, the son of a factory worker and a postman, and enlisted in the U.S. Army at the age of seventeen.
He attended James River High School.
Six years later, in 2004, he served a one-year tour in Iraq as a machine gunner assigned to an engineer unit.
Powers served in Mosul and Tal Afar, Iraq, from February 2004 to March 2005.
After his honorable discharge, Powers enrolled in Virginia Commonwealth University, where he graduated in 2008 with a bachelor's degree in English.
He holds an MFA from the University of Texas at Austin, where he was a Michener Fellow in Poetry.
Powers's first novel "The Yellow Birds", which drew on his experiences in the Iraq War, garnered a lucrative advance from publisher Michael Pietsch at Little, Brown.
It has been called 'a classic of contemporary war fiction' by the "New York Times".
Michiko Kakutani, book critic for "The New York Times", subsequently named the novel one of her 10 favorite books of 2012.
Wrote Kakutani: "At once a freshly imagined bildungsroman and a metaphysical parable about the loss of innocence and the uses of memory, it’s a novel that will stand with Tim O’Brien’s enduring Vietnam book, "The Things They Carried", as a classic of contemporary war fiction."
In an interview, Powers explained to "The Guardian" newspaper why he wrote the book: "One of the reasons that I wrote this book was the idea that people kept saying: 'What was it like over there?'
It seemed that it was not an information-based problem.
There was lots of information around.
But what people really wanted was to know what it felt like; physically, emotionally and psychologically.
So that's why I wrote it."
Asked about the best book of 2012, writer Dave Eggers said this to "The Observer": "There are a bunch of books I could mention, but the book I find myself pushing on people more than any other is "The Yellow Birds" by Kevin Powers.
The author fought in Iraq with the US army, and then, many years later, this gorgeous novel emerged.
Next to "The Forever War" by Dexter Filkins, it's the best thing I've read about the war in Iraq, and by far the best novel.
Powers is a poet first, so the book is spare, incredibly precise, unimproveable.
And it's easily the saddest book I've read in many years.
But sad in an important way."
Not all critics were so laudatory of "The Yellow Birds", however.
Ron Charles of "The Washington Post" wrote that "frankly, the parts of "The Yellow Birds" are better than the whole.
Some chapters lack sufficient power, others labor under the influence of classic war stories, rather than arising organically from the author’s unique vision."
Michael Larson of "Salon" argues that the book is ruined by "boggy lyricism ... There’s never a sky not worthy of a few adjectives."
And Theo Tait of the "London Review of Books" argued that the book "labours under the weight of a massive Hemingway crush ... a trainwreck, from the first inept and imprecise simile, to the tin-eared rhythms, to the final incoherent thought."
The book has been adapted on screen in 2017, "The Yellow Birds" was directed by Alexandre Moors and starred Jack Huston, Alden Ehrenreich, Tye Sheridan and Jennifer Aniston.Dark Time Sunshine
Dark Time Sunshine are an alternative hip hop duo based in Seattle, Washington, consisting of Pacific Northwest hip hop artist Onry Ozzborn and Chicago producer Zavala.
They are currently signed to Fake Four Inc.
Dark Time Sunshine was formed in 2009 when Onry Ozzborn met Zavala through Onry's fellow Oldominion member, Sleep.
The group has been described as the combination of Zavala's experimental electronic and soulful production and Onry Ozzborn's insightful storytelling and multi-syllabic and internal rhymes.
The group released "Believe You Me" for free download in 2009, then "Vessel and Conucopia" in 2010, and then released "Anx" in 2012.James B. McClintock
James B. McClintock (born Ann Arbor, MI) is an American professor of biology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and studies various aspects of marine biology in Antarctica.
He is an authority on the effects of climate change in Antarctica which is detailed in his book "Lost Antarctica – Adventures in a Disappearing Land".
McClintock received his bachelor's degree from the University of California at Santa Cruz in 1978 and his Ph.D. from the University of South Florida in 1984.
In 1987, after completing a National Science Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship at the University of California at Santa Cruz, he joined the faculty of the Department of Biology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and is the Endowed University Professor of Polar and Marine Biology.
McClintock discovered his professional passion while growing up along the Pacific Ocean in Santa Barbara, CA.
His initial research focused on echinoderm (primarily sea star and sea urchin) nutrition, and reproduction in both the Pacific and Atlantic oceans.
In 1982 he made his first scientific foray into the chilly Indian Ocean as a participant in the French Antarctic Research Program working at a research base on the sub-Antarctic island of Kerguelen.
The following two years, as a National Science Foundation Postdoctoral Fellow, McClintock continued his
echinoderm studies in the freezing waters of Antarctica's Southern Ocean at the United States research station McMurdo Station.
Since 1989 McClintock has led or co-directed fourteen scientific expeditions with the United States Antarctic Program (USAP) in which he and his research collaborators have become the world’s authorities on Antarctic marine chemical ecology.
This work, funded by NSF, has been conducted at the United States research facilities McMurdo Station (Ross Sea) and Palmer Station (Antarctic Peninsula).
McClintock has published over 200 scientific publications, and co-edited and co-authored several books related to a multitude of aspects dealing with marine invertebrates.
In 1998, the U.S.
Geographic Board named McClintock Point on the north side of New Harbor, McMurdo Sound, Antarctica, in recognition of his contributions to Antarctic marine biology.
In 1999 he became an elected Fellow in the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
His current work, also funded by the NSF, focuses of the impacts of climate change along the western Antarctic Peninsula (WAP).
This region of the planet is experiencing unprecedented warming.
Moreover, Antarctic seas are uniquely subject to the impacts of ocean acidification, the result of oceans absorbing anthropogenic atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO).
Research projects are underway to examine how the combination of rising seawater temperatures and increased levels of ocean acidification may impact Antarctic marine plants and animals that have calcified body parts.
A separate NSF-funded research program co-directed by McClintock involves an investigation of large populations of king crabs currently invading Antarctic shelf waters as sea temperatures rise and their prospective impacts on seafloor communities.
McClintock is very active in educational outreach activities related to his career as an Antarctic marine ecologist.
He is an appointed member of the Advisory Board of the E.O.
Wilson Biodiversity Foundation.
In addition to participating in research expeditions, McClintock leads an annual educational tourist ship based Climate Change Challenge cruise to the Antarctica Peninsula.
He also co-leads study away programs to the Galapagos, Bahamas and Costa Rica as part of his teaching activities at UAB.
At home, McClintock enjoys canoeing, fishing and spending time with his wife and two children.
He is the author of "A Naturalist Goes Fishing", published by St. Martin's Press (2015).ABC Austin
ABC Austin may refer to:Ferruccio Manza
Ferruccio Manza (born 26 April 1943) is a retired Italian road cyclist.
Competing as amateur in the 100 km team time trial, he won an Olympics silver medal and a world title in 1964.
He then had a brief career as a professional, which ended around 1967.List of Eintracht Braunschweig players
Eintracht Braunschweig is a German professional football club based in Braunschweig, Lower Saxony.
The club was founded in 1895.
This is a list of past and present football players who were capped by their country whilst playing for Eintracht Braunschweig.Peter Gerber (ice dancer)
Peter Gerber (born March 16, 1992) is a competitive ice dancer.
Competing for Poland, (with former partner Justyna Plutowska), he is the 2013 Finlandia Trophy bronze medalist and 2014 Bavarian Open champion.
Peter Gerber was born March 16, 1992 in Etobicoke, Ontario, Canada.
He is a 2010 recipient of the Overcoming Adversity Achievement Award from Skate Canada.
He holds dual Canadian and Polish citizenship.
Gerber began skating at the age of six or seven.
He teamed up with Baily Carroll in 2001.
They represented Canada until 2009 and then Poland starting in 2010.
In the 2008–09 season, Gerber broke his leg and Carroll her wrist.
Carroll/Gerber won the 2011 Polish national junior title and were assigned to the 2011 World Junior Championships where they placed 22nd.
They parted ways in September 2011.
Gerber teamed up with Justyna Plutowska in June 2012.
They were coached by Igor Shpilband in Novi, Michigan and represented GKS Stoczniowiec Gdańsk.
Plutowska/Gerber made their debut at the 2012 U.S. International Classic, finishing 8th.
They took the silver medal at the 2013 Polish Championships and placed 27th at the 2013 World Championships.
In the 2013–14 season, Plutowska/Gerber placed 9th at the U.S. International Classic before competing at the 2013 Nebelhorn Trophy, the final Olympic qualifier.
They were 14th in the short dance and 8th in the free dance, finishing 10th overall at Nebelhorn and becoming second alternates for a spot at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Plutowska/Gerber won their first international medal, bronze, at the 2013 Finlandia Trophy one week later.
They reached the free dance at the 2014 European Championships in Bratislava and finished 16th overall.
After taking gold at the 2014 Bavarian Open in February, the two competed at the 2014 World Championships, held in Saitama, Japan in March, and finished 22nd.
Their partnership ended suddenly in early May 2014, when Plutowska decided to leave skating for personal reasons.1950 Nations Grand Prix
The 1950 Nations Grand Prix was a motor race set to Formula One rules, held on 30 July 1950.
The race was won by Argentinean driver Juan Manuel Fangio after a distance of 68 laps.Walter Walsh (hurler)
Walter Walsh (born 25 May 1991) is an Irish hurler who plays for Kilkenny Intermediate Championship club Tullogher-Rosbercon and at inter-county level with the Kilkenny senior hurling team.
He usually lines out as a centre-forward.
Walsh first came to prominence as a hurler with Good Counsel College in New Ross.
He played in every grade of hurling before eventually joining the college's senior hurling team.
On 14 March 2009, Walsh was at midfield when Good Counsel College faced Castlecomer Community School in the Leinster final.
He scored a point from play and collected a winners' medal following the 1-13 to 2-08 victory.
On 13 April 2009, Walsh was at right corner-forward when Good Counsel College faced Thurles CBS in the All-Ireland final.
He scored a goal from play but ended on the losing side following the 1-17 to 1-15 defeat.
As a student at University College Dublin, Walsh joined the senior hurling team during his second year.
He lined out in several Fitzgibbon Cup campaigns without success.
Walsh joined the Tullogher-Rosbercon at a young age and played in all grades at juvenile and underage levels.
He joined the club's top adult team when he was still eligible for the minor grade.
On 18 October 2008, Walsh was at left wing-forward when Tullogher-Rosbercon faced Piltown in the Southern Junior Championship final.
He scored a point from play and collected a winners' medal following the 1-11 to 0-08 defeat of Piltown.
Walsh retained his position at left wing-forward when he lined out in the Kilkenny Junior Championship final on 25 October 2008.
He scored a goal in the 2-10 to 0-08 defeat of Lisdowney.
Walsh won a Junior Championship medal on 30 November 2008 following Tullogher-Rosbercon's 1-19 to 3-08 defeat of Clongeen in the final.
He was switched to right corner-forward for the All-Ireland final against Dripsey on 15 February 2009.
After opening the scoring with a point after 30 seconds, Walsh ended on the losing side following a 2-15 to 0-18 defeat.
Walsh first played for Kilkenny as a member of the minor team during the 2008 Leinster Championship.
He made his first appearance for the team on 6 July 2008 when he came on as a substitute in Kilkenny's 1-19 to 0-13 defeat of Wexford in the Leinster final.
On 7 September 2008, Walsh lined out at full-forward when Kilkenny faced Galway in the All-Ireland final.
He ended the game with a winners' medal following the 3-06 to 0-13 victory.
On 5 July 2009, Walsh lined out at right corner-forward when Kilkenny faced Wexford in a second successive Leinster final.
He scored two points from play and collected a second Leinster Championship medal following the 1-19 to 0-11 victory.
On 6 September 2009, Walsh scored a point from full-forward when Kilkenny suffered a 2-15 to 2-11 defeat by Galway in the All-Ireland final.
Walsh was drafted onto the Kilkenny under-21 for the 2010 Leinster Championship.
He made his first appearance for the team on 9 June 2010 when he scored two points from full-forward in a 2-31 to 0-08 defeat of Offaly.
On 11 July 2012, Walsh won a Leinster Championship medal after scoring two points from right corner-forward in a 4-24 to 1-13 defeat of Laois in the final.
He was switched to left corner-forward for the All-Ireland final against Clare on 15 September 2012.
Walsh scored two points in the 2-17 to 2-11 defeat by Clare.
On 30 September 2012, made his first appearance for the Kilkenny senior team when he lined out at full-forward in the All-Ireland final replay against Galway.
He scored 1-03 from play and collected a winners' medal following the 3-22 to 3-11 victory.
Walsh was also named as the man of the match.
On 4 May 2014, Walsh was named on the bench when Kilkenny faced Tipperary in the National League final.
He came on as a 43rd-minute substitute for Mark Kelly and collected his first winners' medal following the 2-25 to 1-27 victory.
On 6 July 2014, Walsh was named on the bench for the Leinster final, however, he started the game at left wing-forward.
He scored a point and collected his first Leinster Championship medal following the 0-24 to 1-09 defeat of Dublin.
on 7 September 2014, Walsh lined out at left corner-forward when Kilkenny faced Tipperary in the All-Ireland final.
He scored a point from play before being substituted in the 48th minute in the 3-22 to 1-28 draw.
Walsh was dropped from the starting fifteen for the replay on 27 September 2014.
He remained on the bench for the entire game but collected a second All-Ireland medal as a non-playing substitute following the 2-17 to 2-14 victory.
On 5 July 2015, Walsh was at midfield when Kilkenny faced Galway in the Leinster final.
He scored two points and collected his second successive winners' medal following the 1-25 to 2-15 victory.
On 6 September 2015, Walsh was named at right wing-forward for the All-Ireland final against Galway but spent much of the game at full-forward.
He scored two points from play and collected his third All-Ireland medal following the 1-22 to 1-18 victory.
Walsh lined out in a third successive Leinster final on 3 July 2016.
He scored two points from right wing-forward and collected his third winners' medal following a 1-26 to 0-22 defeat of Galway.
Walsh retained his position at right wing-forward for the All-Ireland final against Tipperary on 4 September 2016.
He scored a point from play but ended on the losing side following the 2-29 to 2-20 defeat.
Walsh ended the season by being named in the right wing-forward position on the All-Star team.
On 8 April 2018, Walsh was selected at full-forward when Kilkenny faced Tipperary in the National League final.
He scored 1-02 from play and collected a second winners' medal following the 2-23 to 2-17 victory.
Walsh was selected at full-forward when Kilkenny faced Galway in the Leinster final on 1 July 2018.
He scored a point from play in the 0-18 apiece draw.
He retained his position for the replay a week later, however, he was substituted in the 16th minute after sustaining an injury in the 1-28 to 3-15 defeat.
On 30 June 2019, Walsh lined out at centre-forward when Kilkenny faced Wexford in the Leinster final.
He scored two points from play but ended on the losing side following the 1-23 to 0-23 defeat.
Walsh was drafted onto the Leinster inter-provincial team during the 2014 Interprovincial Championship.
He made his first appearance for the team on 1 March 2014 and collected a Railway Cup medal after scoring a point from right corner-forward in the 1-23 to 0-16 defeat of Connacht.
On 15 December 2016, Walsh lined out at right corner-forward when Leinster faced Munster in the final.
He scored four points from play but ended on the losing side following a 2-20 to 2-16 defeat.Madras Kali Bari
Madras Kali Bari is a Hindu temple located in the neighbourhood of West Mambalam in Chennai, India.
Dedicated to the goddess Kali, the temple is constructed on the lines of the Dakhshineshwar Kali temple near Kolkata by the Bengali community in the city.
Within the precincts of the temple, is a meditation hall where bhajans are sung daily.
Bengali festivals like Durga Puja and Kali Puja are celebrated with grandeur.Šēp lemutti
The work "šēp lemutti ina bīt amēli parāsu" (inscribed "-tim" "-si"), “to block the entry of the enemy (‘foot of evil’) into someone’s house,” also referred to as "ana nasāḫ šēp lemutti", "to expel the 'foot of evil'," is a first millennium BC Mesopotamian ritual text idiom well attested in the apodoses of divinations which provides the procedures to protect a house with magical defenses from demonic attack.
Sickness, death, misfortune, and ominous occurrences in the house, were perceived to be the result of actions of the hordes of demons from the netherworld.
These involve the use of apotropaic figurines, whose god, apkallu, and monster alter-egos, are invoked by an incantation, and their interment in various parts of a private house.
Archaeological excavation has uncovered many instances of small figurines buried in boxes in the foundations of structures such as palaces and domestic houses of the Neo-Assyrian and Neo-Babylonian periods.
The purpose of the ritual is defined at the beginning as to overt evil from a house.
It then prescribes the fashioning of the various wooden models of the seven "apkallus", from seven Babylonian cities, with the faces and wings of birds, or their cloaks from the skin of a fish, their conjuration and distribution in five groups of seven around the building: at the head of the bed, the foundations of the house, the threshold of the chapel, the front of the door, behind the chair or throne, and the middle of the house in front of the chair or throne.
Their arrival at the first of the locations is addressed with an invocation followed by "šiptu attunu ṣalmānu apkallu maṣṣari", “incantation: you are the statues of the apkallus, the watchers,” which was to recur at each of the subsequent locations.
Other figurines were fashioned from clay:
Those of the Sebitti were formed with a "qulmû", an ax, in their right hand and a dagger in their left.
Other models that were fashioned included dogs, ugallus, various gods (e.g.
Meslamtae’a) and monsters, all invoked with the purpose to further the cause that "the evil one and the enemy will be put to flight."
The text is known from four copies and also from excerpts included in other ritual texts, such as that known as KAR 298, a derivative work of a similar purpose.Jeanne Gomoll
Jeanne Gomoll is an American artist, writer, editor, and science fiction fan, who was recognized as one of the guests of honor at the 72nd World Science Fiction Convention (Loncon 3, the 2014 WorldCon), having been a guest of honor at numerous previous science fiction conventions.
She has been nominated multiple times for awards in artist and fanzine categories, and for service to the genre of science fiction, particularly feminist science fiction.
Gomoll attended the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where (along with later collaborator Janice Bogstad) she attended the first science fiction course offered at the university, although (in her words) "I had been really turned off in the later part of high school and college by the really sexist stuff going on in the genre".
In 1975, soon after graduating with a B.A.
in geography, she was actively involved in a feminist reading group in Madison, Wisconsin, which she tried to convince to explore the potential of the SF genre.
Gomoll read an advertisement in the "Badger Herald" seeking people interested in working on an SF fanzine.
The core group (which included Lesleigh and Hank Luttrell, editors of the Hugo-nominated fanzine "Starling") was putting together what was to become the feminist science fiction fanzine, "Janus" (later "Aurora SF").
Gomoll was initially recruited as an artist and designer, but became a writer and co-editor by the third issue.
"Janus" was to be repeatedly nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Fanzine (1978, 1979 and 1980); this led to accusations that if "Janus" had not been feminist, it would not have been nominated.
She has worked with WisCon since its inception, and has served as editor of several items for WisCon's sponsoring organization SF(3) and for the James Tiptree, Jr. Award and other efforts related to feminist science fiction fandom.
Gomoll is the author of "An Open Letter to Joanna Russ", a famous and oft-reprinted essay revisiting Joanna Russ' influential critiques of science fiction and the suppression in literary history of the role of women in writing (especially "How to Suppress Women's Writing").
The essay was a response to Bruce Sterling's exclusion of women's writing of the 1970s from his introduction to cyberpunk anthology "Burning Chrome".
Gomoll's open letter not only challenged Sterling's account, but recounts the history of women's involvement in science fiction writing and fandom during the 1970s.
Gomoll is a professional artist still based in Madison.
From September 1979–July 2003, she was employed by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources as a graphic designer, also serving as illustrator of publications such as "Nature's Recyclers Coloring Book" and "Butterflies & Roadways: How Rights of Way Maintenance Can Help Endandered Species".
She has a small graphic design business, Union Street Design.Kothandaramar Temple, West Mambalam
The Kothandaramar Temple is a Hindu temple in the neighbourhood of West Mambalam in Chennai, India.
The temple is dedicated to the Hindu god Rama known as "Pattabhirama".
Sita as "Piratti" is the consort.
The temple also got a large temple tank built within the premises.
The temple is situated close to the Mambalam railway station and is more than 150 years old.
Vaikunta Ekadasi is celebrated with fanfare.Snooker at the Summer Paralympics
Snooker was contested at the Summer Paralympics from the first Paralympics in 1960 in Rome and last contested at the 1988 Summer Paralympics, with the exception of the 1980 games.
It was only contested by male competitors over its Paralympic history.
Over the period it was contested at the Paralympics, it was dominated by Great Britain, which won 10 gold medals in the sport, including four gold medals won by Michael Shelton.
1960
1964
1968
1972
1976
1984
1988Luciano Dalla Bona
Luciano Dalla Bona (born 8 November 1943) is a retired Italian road cyclist.
Competing as amateur in the 100 km team time trial, he won an Olympics silver medal in 1964 and two world titles, in 1964 and 1965, finishing third in 1966.
After that he turned professional and won one stage of the Tour of Italy in 1968.
He rode the Tour de France in 1967 and 1970.
His younger brother Giovanni Dalla Bona was also a professional road cyclist.Severino Andreoli
Severino Andreoli (born 8 January 1941) is a retired Italian road cyclist.
Competing as amateur in the 100 km team time trial, he won an Olympics silver medal and a world title in 1964.
He then turned professional and won one stage of the Giro d’Italia in 1966.
He rode the Tour de France in 1968.Varadaraja Perumal Temple, Poonamallee
The Varadaraja Perumal Temple is a Hindu temple located in the town of Poonamallee, a suburb of Chennai, India.
Constructed in remote antiquity, the temple is dedicated to Vishnu and his consort, Pushpakavalli Thayar.
The temple is associated with the Vaishnavite saint, Thirukatchi Nambi Alwar.Batagraf
Batagraf (established 2005 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian percussion ensemble, created and led by Jon Balke.
Formed in 2003, the concept of the group was to research and investigate the relation betrween rhythm and language, inspired by various African and ethnic traditions.
The group functions as a core group with a pool of collaborators.
In 2009 they attended the Nattjazz in Bergen with the entertainers Are Kalvø and Espen Beranek Holm, two of Norway's most popular radio personalities, for the show «Pratagraph» gaining brilliant reviews.Batagraf has oalso collaborated with sound poets sike Jaap Blonk and Sidsel Endresen, as well as rappers and instrumental soloists like Runar Gudnason, Nils Petter Molvaer, Arve Henriksen and more.Brendan Young
Brendan Jay Young (born 5 May 1992) is a South African cricketer.
He plays for the Cape Cobras.
Young, who had a formidable high school cricketing career (Young took 9 wickets and scored 102 in his 100th first team match) at Westerford High School.
At the age of 20, Young moved to the KwaZulu-Natal in early 2011, due to the amount of young cricketers graduating to play for the Dolphins.
However, after a disappointing season, Young moved to his home side of Western Province and gained a reputation as a genuinely quick and raw pace bowler, as well as a useful lower-order batsman.
This led to a contract with the Cape Cobras at the start of the 2012/13 season.Xinhui People's Hospital
Xinhui People's Hospital is a hospital located in the Xinhui District of Jiangmen City, Guangdong Province, China, affiliated to the Southern Medical University.
The hospital was founded in December 1949 and has grown to cover a total area of .
It features a hospital headquarters, a clinic and three outpatient departments.
The hospital has 1110 beds, a staff of 1,200 and offers preventive health care, general medical, emergency medical, medical research, clinical teaching and training in one of the Xinhui District's largest general hospitals.Kalkhoff
Kalkhoff is a German bicycle manufacturer based in Cloppenburg; it was founded in 1919 by Heinrich Kalkhoff as a family business.
Founded as a first small workshop in Kalkhoff's parents' house, the company grew steadily.
By 1939, more than 700,000 frames for bicycles were produced.
The war forced the company to convert to the production of military equipment.
After the end of the second World War, Kalkhoff initially manufactured everyday goods such as trailers and boilers.
Only in 1950 did bicycle production resume with the production of bicycles for leisure and everyday use.
During the 1950s' bicycle boom, Kalkhoff expanded to 1200 employees and daily production reached 5000 frames.
In 1968, Heinrich Kalkhoff left the company and turned management over to his sons Karl, Heinz and Berthold Kalkhoff.
Increased competition from abroad led to a downturn in business which eventually led to insolvency and bankruptcy in 1986.
Kalkhoff was acquired in 1989 by Derby Cycle Corporation.
Production of Kalkhoff bicycles continues at the Derby Cycle factory in Cloppenburg, Germany.
The brand is protected.American Primitive
American Primitive is a play by William Gibson about the lives of John and Abigail Adams.
Gibson used the correspondence of John and Abigail Adams to create a verse drama about the period of the American Revolution.
"American Primitive" debuted, unsuccessfully, at the Berkshire Theatre Festival in 1969.
The production, directed by Frank Langella, starred Anne Bancroft as Abigail Adams.Kurungaleeswarar Temple
Kurungaleeswarar Temple is a historically important Hindu temple in the neighbourhood of Koyambedu in Chennai, India.
The temple encloses a large tank and dates from the Medieval Chola period.Neelu Vaghela
Neelu Vaghela (; born 15 April 1970) is an Indian actress, dancer and television personality, well known for her work in the Rajasthani cinema.
She is also well known for the role of Santosh Rathi aka Bhabho in the soap opera "Diya Aur Baati Hum" and its sequel "Tu Sooraj, Main Saanjh Piyaji" on Star Plus.
She has her own production house, Aruneel Films, which makes Rajasthani movies.
Neelu Vaghela started her career as a stage artist and was chosen for films.
She appeared in "Supattar Binani" in 1981 at the age of 11 and acted in "Bai Chali Sasariya" which was remade in Hindi as "Saajan Ka Ghar".
She has spent her earlier phase of life in Jaipur.
She has also appeared in films like "Ramgarh Ri Ramli, Jai Karni Mata, Naini Bai Ro Mayro, Lancha Gujri, Derani Jethani, Ramkudi Ghamkudi,Baisa Ra Jatan Karo, Dadosari Laadli, Veer Tejaji" and "Bai Chali Sasariye".
Vaghela became a household name after portraying Bhabho on popular Star Plus soap "Diya Aur Baati Hum."
She then went on to participate in dance reality show "Nach Baliye" 5 with her husband Arvind Kumar.
On 23 March 2013, Vaghela and her husband finished in 3rd place on the fifth season of "Nach Baliye".
She is married to Arvind Kumar, and has two children - a boy Kaizer and daughter Vanshika.Swimming at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle S5
The women's 100 metre freestyle S5 event at the 2012 Paralympic Games took place on 8 September, at the London Aquatics Centre.
Two heats were held, one with six swimmers and one with five swimmers.
The swimmers with the eight fastest times advanced to the final.Electronic Communications Convention
The United Nations Convention on the Use of Electronic Communications in International Contracts (the "Electronic Communications Convention", or ECC) is a treaty that aims at facilitating the use of electronic communications in international trade.
It was prepared by the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) and adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on 23 November 2005.
Pursuant to Article 23, it entered into force on 1 March 2013, the first day of the month after six months passed following adoption by three States parties, namely the Dominican Republic, Honduras, and Singapore.
The following states have ratified, accepted, approved, acceded to, or succeeded to the Electronic Communications Convention:
The Electronic Communications Convention has been signed, but not yet ratified, by the Central African Republic, China, Colombia, Iran, Lebanon, Madagascar, Panama, the Philippines, the Republic of Korea, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, and Sierra Leone.
Other states that have publicly declared their intention of adopting the Electronic Communications Convention include Australia, Bahrain, Benin, Mauritius, and Thailand.
Canada has prepared uniform legislation to facilitate the adoption of the ECC at the State level, which has been enacted by Ontario and Saskatchewan.
Similar legislation has been prepared in the United States and on 10 February 2016 President Obama sent a message to the Senate asking for accession of the Convention.
In Australia all states and territories and the Federal parliament have passed amending legislation to conform to the Convention.
UNCITRAL has been active in formulating uniform legislative standards for the use of electronic communications in trade since the 1980s.
A first result of such work was the adoption of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, 1996 (MLEC), followed by the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures (MLES), 2001.
However, a number of issues remained unsolved, namely, the possibility to enable to use of electronic communications in cases where a formal written requirement is mandated by another treaty, usually drafted before the widespread use of electronic means.
Moreover, as model laws may be enacted with variations in the various jurisdictions, it was felt that establishing a core of common provisions would increase uniformity and therefore predictability in international trade law.
Finally, it was felt that some of the provisions of the MLEC and of the MLES could be outdated and complemented.
As a result, the Electronic Communications Convention addresses different policy goals:
1) it removes obstacles arising from formal requirements contained in other international trade law treaties;
2) it provides a common substantive core to the law of electronic communications, thus ensuring a higher level of uniformity both in the legislative text and in its interpretation;
3) it updates and complements the provisions of the MLEC and of the MLES;
4) it provides core legislation on electronic communications to those States not having yet any, or having partial and insufficient provisions.
Article 14.5.1 of the Trans-Pacific Partnership sets forth that: "Each Party shall maintain a legal framework governing electronic transactions consistent with the principles of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce 1996 or the United Nations Convention on the Use of Electronic Communications in International Contracts, done at New York November 23, 2005".
With respect to substantive provisions, the Electronic Communications Convention builds extensively, on the fundamental principles of the uniform law of electronic commerce developed by UNCITRAL (non-discrimination, technological neutrality, functional equivalence, and irrelevance of place of origin) as well as on several specific articles of the MLEC and of the MLES.
The Electronic Communications Convention is also inspired by a number of provisions of the CISG, especially in the parts relating to scope of application, to general principles and to final clauses.
Thus, article 3 ECC corresponds to article 6 CISG, giving effect to the principle of party autonomy.
Article 5 ECC is the equivalent of article 7 CISG, introducing a duty of uniform interpretation of the treaty, and defining the ancillary criteria for interpretation.
Article 6 builds on the notion of "place of business" introduced by the CISG and adapts it to the electronic environment.
In particular, it is specified that the location of equipment and technology supporting an information system, or the location where the information system may be accessed by other parties, are not, as such, decisive to determine the place of business.
Those elements may, however, concur to determine the place of business.
Similar considerations apply to the use of a domain name or electronic mail address connected to a specific country.
The sources of paras.
2 and 3 of article 6 ECC are found in article 15(4)(a) and (b) MLEC.
Article 1 ECC defines the scope of application of the Convention.
The source of inspiration of that article is clearly article 1 of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG).
However, a major difference lies in the fact that the ECC, unlike the CISG, does not require that the concerned parties have their places of business in States parties to the ECC.
Therefore, the ECC applies if the law applicable to the communications is the law of a State party to the ECC, or if the parties have validly chosen as the law applicable to their communications the law of a State party to the ECC.
A third option is the application of the substantive provisions of the ECC if chosen by virtue of agreement of the parties.
According to art.
4(a) ECC “Communication” means any statement, declaration, demand, notice or request, including an offer and the acceptance of an offer, that the parties are required to make or choose to make in connection with the formation or performance of a contract; it is therefore not necessary that the contract is concluded.
Moreover, it is possible that only some or one clause of the contract are in electronic form, including, for instance, the arbitration clause.
Moreover, according to art.
4(b) ECC “Electronic communication” means any communication that the parties make by means of data messages; the notion of data message is defined in art.
4 (c) ECC along the lines of the same definition contained in the MLEC and MLES.
The outcome of such broad approach is that the notion of electronic communication encompasses the use of different technologies, including, e.g., SMS, but also digital audio and video recording.
Art.
2(1)(a) ECC is inspired by article 2(a) CISG.
Both provisions aim at excluding consumers' transactions from the scope of application of the respective conventions.
Art.
2(1)(b) ECC excludes from the scope of application of the convention certain fields that already enjoy uniform legal provisions, contractually (e.g., international payments systems) or otherwise (e.g., treaties relating to securities held with an intermediary).
Art.
2(2) ECC excludes from the scope of application of the convention electronic transferable records.
These are electronic records that entitle the entity controlling them to the delivery of goods or the payment of a sum, as evidenced in the record.
This exclusion is due to the fact that uniform legal standards for the functional equivalence of notions such as “possession” in the electronic world have yet to be developed.
Since 2011, UNCITRAL Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) is tasked with defining those standards.
States may vary the scope of application of the Convention by lodging declarations.
Thus, the declaration foreseen in article 19(1)(a) limits the application of the Convention to cases when all the States where the parties involved in the transaction have their place of business are contracting States.
This is the same mechanism envisaged in article 1(1)(a) CISG.
Article 19(1)(b) limits the application of the Convention to cases when the parties so choose.
Article 19(2) ECC gives States the possibility to exclude certain matters from the scope of application of the ECC.
These exceptions could be similar to those made in corresponding national legislation: Singapore has lodged this type of declaration upon ratification of the Electronic Communications Convention.
Last, but not least, parties may vary or derogate from any provision of the Convention under its article 3.
This is a provision common in international trade law treaties, where freedom of contract is considered an overarching principle.
However, in practice there might be limits of public order, or other mandatory provisions, that might limit the freedom of the parties.
Article 8 ECC sets forth at the international level the principle of non-discrimination of electronic communications already established, for national legislation, in article 5 MLEC.
Article 9 ECC is the core provision establishing the parameters for functional equivalence between electronic and paper-based communications.
In particular, article 9(2) ECC deals with functional equivalence of the notion of "written form".
The provision follows that of article 6(1) MLEC.
Article 9(3) ECC deals with functional equivalence for "signature".
In practice, this provision enables cross-border recognition of all types of electronic signatures.
To do so, art.
9(3) ECC departs from both UNCITRAL relevant precedents, i.e.
article 7(1) MLEC and article 12 MLES.
Two major innovations were introduced with respect to article 7(1) MLEC: a) the notion of "person's approval" was substituted with that of "party's intention" in order to better capture the various functions associated with signatures, which go well beyond mere approval; and b) a safety clause was introduced in article 9(3)(b)(ii) ECC to ensure that electronic signatures that provide for a method to identify the party and to indicate the party's intention, and that have indeed fulfilled that function by themselves or together with other evidence, may not be repudiated.
In other words, if it is possible to identify the signatory of an electronic communication, that signatory may not challenge the signature on the basis of the signature's method or nature.
Article 9(4) and (5) ECC provides for the functional equivalent of original, along the lines of article 8(1) and (3) MLEC.
Article 10 ECC deals with time and place of dispatch and receipt of electronic communications.
Its predecessor is article 15 MLEC.
Article 10(1) ECC innovates on article 15(1) MLEC: in the ECC, the electronic communication is dispatched when it leaves the system under the control of the originator, while in the MLEC it (or, better, the data message in the terminology of that Model Law) has to enter a system outside the control of the originator: the rule has been changed in order to avoid consequences for the originator when the message may not enter the information system for reasons not under control of the originator (e.g., firewall; filter; system down...).
Article 10(2) ECC follows article 15(2) MLEC in introducing the difference between designated and non-designated electronic address for determining the time of receipt of an electronic communication.
Article 10(2) ECC contains a novel element by requiring that the recipient should be aware that the communication was sent (and the communication is capable of being retrieved), while the provision of the MLEC requires actual retrieval by the addressee, which might again expose the originator to liability for circumstances under the addressee's control.
Article 10(3) ECC corresponds to article 15(4) MLEC.
This provision must be read in conjunction with article 6 ECC, as must be article 10(4) ECC.
The Electronic Communications Convention contains, in its Chapter IV, rather elaborate final clauses.
Final clauses aimed at modifying the scope of application of the Convention are discussed above.
Article 17 ECC sets forth the applicable rules for those cases where electronic communications fall under the legislative authority of a regional economic integration organisation (REIO).
The rationale of article 17 is, on the one hand, to ensure that the Convention will not be applied to commercial relations falling under the scope of application of the legislation of the REIO and, on the other hand, to clarify the distribution of legislative power between REIOs (and therefore unaffected by the Convention) and national States (and therefore under the scope of the Convention in case of cross-border exchanges).
In other words, the Convention does not intend to interfere with regional regimes.
In particular, article 17(2) ECC requires the REIO that intends to become a party to the ECC to deposit a declaration on the distribution of competences between the REIO and its member States.
The REIO member States are supposed to do the same.
Article 17(4) contains the "disconnection clause" that should ensure that REIOs' legal regimes are unaffected by the operation of the Electronic Communications Convention.
The matter has important practical consequences.
In fact, the absence of an agreed declaration on the distribution of competences between the European Union and its member States has prevented those States from signing or becoming a party to the Electronic Communications Convention: among the 20 States that are signatory or party to the Convention, none is an EU member State.
One major goal of the Electronic Communications Convention is the removal of obstacles to international trade arising from the insertion of formal requirements in treaties concluded before the broad adoption of electronic means.
Article 20 ECC lists several treaties prepared by UNCITRAL as treaties that will be "electrified" by the adoption of the ECC.
In other words, by virtue of adoption of the ECC formal requirements contained in those treaties, especially written form requirements, will be satisfied with the use of electronic communications under the conditions set forth in the ECC.
Some UNCITRAL treaties are excluded from the list in article 20, in particular, the United Nations Convention on the Carriage of Goods by Sea, 1978 (the "Hamburg Rules") and the United Nations Convention on International Bills of Exchange and International Promissory Notes, 1988.
The reason for the exclusion is that those two treaties contain provisions on negotiable documents, which are excluded from the scope of the ECC (art.
2(2)).
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Carriage of Goods Wholly or Partly by Sea, 2008 (the "Rotterdam Rules"), which was also prepared by UNCITRAL and contains provisions on electronic transferable records, was concluded after the ECC.
Article 20(2) ECC indicates that the Convention will apply also to all other treaties where the exchange of electronic communications is relevant, unless a State declares not to be bound by this provision.
Even if this "opt out" declaration is made, the declaring State may still choose, under article 20(3) ECC, certain treaties to which the ECC will apply.
Article 20(4) ECC gives the possibility of a State to prevent the interaction of the ECC with a given treaty even if the State has not lodged any other declaration regarding the Convention's scope of application.
In other words, under article 20(3) ECC the State makes a general opt out and a selective opt in, while under article 20(4) the State makes a general opt in, and a selective opt out.
The UNCITRAL law library bibliography
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development Report, "Information Economy Report 2006: The development perspective."
(2006), Chapter 8.
Amelia H. Boss and Wolfgang Kilian (eds), "The United Nations Convention on the Use of Electronic Communications in International Contracts: An In-Depth Guide and Sourcebook."
(2008) provides a detailed commentary of the provisions of the Convention and other related aspects.Yazawin Kyaw
Maha Thanmada Wuntha (, ; ) or more commonly known as Yazawin Kyaw (, ; the Celebrated Chronicle) is an early 16th-century chronicle of Buddhist religious history and Burmese history.
The chronicle was written in two parts by Shin Maha Silavamsa, the famous learned monk, author and poet.
The first part, written in 1502, is mainly a religious history document, and essentially a Burmese version of the "Mahavamsa" and "Dipavamsa".
The first part focuses on the kings of ancient India and Ceylon, according to Buddhist mythology and history.
In 1520, the author added a supplement about the Burmese kings down to 1496.
In all, only one-seventh of the treatise concerns the affairs of Burmese kings as it was not intended to be an authoritative chronicle.
The author stated there was already an existing chronicle of the Ava court.Travis Muller
Travis Muller (born 4 March 1993) is a South African cricketer who now lives in New Zealand.
Muller bowls right-arm fast and is a tail-end batsman.
He signed a semi-pro contract with the Cape Cobras at the start of the 2012/13 season.
He represented the South Africa Under-19 cricket team in early 2012 with limited success.
He was included in the Western Province cricket team squad for the 2015 Africa T20 Cup.
Muller now lives in New Zealand, where he plays for Otago A.
In 2018 he signed a declaration of intent to play for New Zealand.Amjet Executive
Amjet Executive SA is a European air charter company operating business jets, headquartered in the Greek city of Athens with a brokerage department based in Geneva, Switzerland.
It flies Dassault Falcons, an Airbus A319CJ and a corporate-configured McDonnell Douglas MD-83.
The company holds a Greek air operator's certificate (AOC).
Amjet Executive SA was founded at the end of 2009 by airline pilot Abakar Manany.
The company commenced operations in February 2010 when it was granted an AOC to operate a Gulfstream G200.
In May 2011 the company opened its air charter brokerage department in Geneva, Switzerland.Isolated horizon
It was customary to represent black hole horizons via stationary solutions of field equations, i.e., solutions which admit a time-translational Killing vector field everywhere, not just in a small neighborhood of the black hole.
While this simple idealization was natural as a starting point, it is overly restrictive.
Physically, it should be sufficient to impose boundary conditions at the horizon which ensure only that the black hole itself is isolated.
That is, it should suffice to demand only that the intrinsic geometry of the horizon be time independent, whereas the geometry outside may be dynamical and admit gravitational and other radiation.
An advantage of isolated horizons over event horizons is that while one needs the entire spacetime history to locate an event horizon, isolated horizons are defined using local spacetime structures only.
The laws of black hole mechanics, initially proved for event horizons, are generalized to isolated horizons.
An isolated horizon formula_1 refers to the quasilocal definition of a black hole which is in equilibrium with its exterior, and both the intrinsic and extrinsic structures of an isolated horizon (IH) are preserved by the "null equivalence class" formula_2.
The concept of IHs is developed based on the ideas of non-expanding horizons (NEHs) and weakly isolated horizons (WIHs): A NEH is a null surface whose "intrinsic" structure is preserved and constitutes the geometric prototype of WIHs and IHs, while a WIH is a NEH with a well-defined surface gravity and based on which the black-hole mechanics can be quasilocally generalized.
A three-dimensional submanifold formula_3 equipped with an equivalence class formula_2 is defined as an IH if it respects the following conditions:
(i) formula_3 is null and topologically formula_6;
(ii) Along any null normal field formula_7 tangent to formula_3, the outgoing expansion rate formula_9 vanishes;
(iii) All field equations hold on formula_3, and the stress–energy tensor formula_11 on formula_3 is such that formula_13 is a future-directed causal vector (formula_14) for any future-directed null normal formula_15.
(iv) The commutator formula_16, where formula_17 denotes the induced connection on the horizon.
Note: Following the convention set up in refs., "hat" over the equality symbol formula_18 means equality on the black-hole horizons (NEHs), and "hat" over quantities and operators (formula_19, formula_20, etc.)
denotes those on the horizon or on a foliation leaf of the horizon (this makes no difference for IHs).
The properties of a generic IH manifest themselves as a set of boundary conditions expressed in the language of Newman–Penrose formalism,
formula_21 (geodesic), formula_22 (twist-free, hypersurface orthogonal), formula_23 (expansion-free), formula_24 (shear-free),
formula_25 (no flux of any kinds of matter charges across the horizon),
formula_26 (no gravitational waves across the horizon).
In addition, for an "electromagnetic" IH,
formula_27
Moreover, in a tetrad adapted to the IH structure, we have
formula_28
Remark: In fact, these boundary conditions of IHs just inherit those of NEHs.
Full analysis of the geometry and mechanics of an IH relies on the on-horizon adapted tetrad.
However, a more comprehensive view of IHs often requires investigation of the near-horizon vicinity and off-horizon exterior.
The adapted tetrad on an IH can be smoothly extended to the following form which cover both the horizon and off-horizon regions,
formula_29
formula_30
formula_31
formula_32
where formula_33 are either real isothermal coordinates or complex stereographic coordinates labeling the cross-sections of { v=constant, r=constant}, and the gauge conditions in this tetrad are
formula_34
The local nature of the definition of an isolated horizon makes it more convenient for numerical studies.
The local nature makes the Hamiltonian description viable.
This framework offers a natural point of departure for non-perturbative quantization and derivation of black hole entropy from microscopic degrees of freedoom.Welcome centers in the United States
Welcome centers, also commonly known as visitors' centers, visitor information centers, or tourist information centers, as known in the United States, are buildings located at either entrances to states on major ports of entry, such as interstates or major highways, e.g.
U.S.
Routes or state highways, or in strategic cities within regions of a state, e.g.
Southern California, Southwest Colorado, East Tennessee, or the South County region of Rhode Island.
These welcome centers, which first opened on May 4, 1935 next to U.S. Route 12 in New Buffalo, Michigan, are locations that serve as a rest area for motorists, a source of information for tourists or new residents that enter a state or a region of a state, and a showcase for the state.
These features make welcome centers, visitors centers, and service plazas, which are similar to welcome centers, distinct from rest areas.
In Alaska and Hawaii, their unique geographical locations preclude them from having welcome centers as known in the rest of the U.S.
Welcome centers can be thought as covering several different concepts: state-owned and operated welcome centers near a state's border, state or municipal-owned and operated visitors centers in cities or rural areas, and service plazas on toll roads, e.g.
the New Jersey Turnpike or MassPike, that are either state-owned and -operated, state-owned but operated by a private company, or privately owned and operated.
(Visitors' centers in cities can either be owned and operated by the state, a county, a municipality, a local Chamber of Commerce, or be a joint effort between a county and/or a city and a Chamber of Commerce to support and publicize a well-known tourist district, city, or region.)
States have different ways of naming welcome centers, but some of the most common ones are "welcome centers", "visitors centers", or "visitors information centers".
The welcome centers are normally located the first few exits into a state, e.g.
"Exit 2" on I-84 in Connecticut entering from New York State.
However, some welcome centers, visitors' centers, or service plazas are located some distance away from a state's border, serving certain cities, e.g.
Johnson City, Tennessee or Oceanside, California's local Chamber of Commerce, major cities, such as New Orleans, Louisiana, or well-known tourist districts, such as the Pigeon Forge, Tennessee tourist district.
The welcome centers and service plazas usually consist of a large building or buildings with public restroom facilities, free brochures relating to nearby attractions, lodging, and dining, a free official state highway map updated at regular intervals, staffed desks for people to ask for assistance, picnic areas, nearby restaurants or onsite dining facilities, gas stations, and large parking lots.
In addition to the aforementioned, there is normally a large flagpole with the state flag in front of the welcome center.
In large cities like New Orleans or San Francisco, smaller cities like Astoria, Oregon or Vicksburg, Mississippi, as well as rural areas, visitor centers may be in a building of varied size with most of the above amenities included, i.e.
restroom facilities, staffed desks for people to ask for assistance, nearby restaurants, free brochures relating to nearby attractions, lodging, and dining.
In addition, an urban or rural visitors center may have things of local, regional, or even national interest, such as rare and/or antiquated artifacts or small knickknacks (e.g.
coins, stamps, or sports memorabilia).
Each state varies in its administration of welcome centers.
For example, in Georgia, the Georgia Department of Transportation (GDOT) constructs and maintains its 9 welcome centers, while in Tennessee, the Tennessee Department of Tourist Development constructs and maintains Tennessee's 14 welcome centers.
Below is a list of welcome centers, visitors' centers and service plazas, as distinct from "rest areas", in the United States, derived from a combination of state tourism websites and the Interstate Rest Areas website.
The list includes the state agency responsible for the welcome centers and service plazas; the interstate, U.S. Route, state highway, or local street address that the welcome center or service plaza is located at; the city, the county or other political subdivision that the welcome center or service plaza's city is located in; and explanatory footnotes.Sebastián Rodríguez Veloso
Sebastián Rodríguez Veloso (; born on 27 February 1957) is a Spanish Paralympic swimmer.
He has competed at four Paralympic Games winning fifteen medals: eight gold, four silver and three bronze.
His attendance at the Games was controversial after it was revealed that he had been jailed for bomb attacks while a member of First of October Anti-Fascist Resistance Groups (GRAPO).
Rodríguez was born in Cadiz, Andalusia, Spain on 27 February 1957.
He is nicknamed Chano.
In the 1980s he was a member of the Spanish terrorist organisation First of October Anti-Fascist Resistance Groups ().
In 1984, at the age of 26, he was jailed for 84 years for his role in the murder of Seville business leader Rafael Padura and a series of bomb attacks.
In 1990 while in prison he went on hunger strike for 432 days, leaving his health permanently damaged and resulting in him losing the use of his legs.
He was released on parole from prison in 1994 under a Spanish law which says that the seriously ill should not be jailed, and in 2007 he was pardoned by the Spanish Government.
Rodríguez is an S5 swimmer.
In his swimming career, he has earned over 20 total medals.
His training base is Vigo.
In 2010, Rodrígues competed at the Tenerife International Open.
Rodríguez competed at the 2010 Adapted Swimming World Championship in the Netherlands.
In advance of the competition, he attended a swimming camp with the national team that was part of the Paralympic High Performance Program (HARP Program).
He competed at the 2011 IPC European Swimming Championships in Berlin, Germany.
He earned a gold medal.
He almost finished first in the 4x50 meter freestyle relay with teammates Richard Oribe, Alvaro Bayona and Jordi Gordillo but a bad touch led to disqualification.
He competed at the 2013 IPC Swimming World Championships.
Rodríguez first competed at the Paralympics at the 2000 Sydney Games.
He took part having told Spanish officials that he lost his legs in a traffic accident, but he lost his leg during a hunger strike during its years in prison.
He won five gold medals at the Games and set four new world records.
Three of his golds came in individual freestyle events in the S5 classification, as he set world records in the 50 metres, 100 metres and 200 metres.
He also won gold medals as part of the Spanish relay teams in the 4×50 m freestyle 20 pts and the 4×50 m medley 20 pts, setting a new world record in the freestyle relay.
The truth about how he came to be disabled was revealed by a Spanish newspaper during the Games, which led to calls for him to return his medals; however, his participation was backed by politicians from his home town.
At the 2004 Summer Paralympics held in Athens, Greece, Rodriguez won a further three gold medals.
He successfully defended his titles in the 50 m, 100 m and 200 m freestyle events, setting new world records in the final of each event.
In 2008 he competed in his third Paralympics at the Beijing Games in China.
Rodríguez won four medals: silvers in the 200 m freestyle and the 4×50 m freestyle 20 pts, and bronze medals in the 50 m freestyle and the 4×50 m medley relay 20 pts.
His fourth Paralympic appearance came at the 2012 Games in London, United Kingdom.
He won three medals at the Games; silvers in the 50 m freestyle and 200 m freestyle, and a bronze in the 100 m.Joel Baer Falkovich
Joel Baer Falkovich was a Russian Empire dramatist.
He authored Yiddish plays such as "Reb Chaimele der Koẓin", (Odessa, 1866) and "Rochel die Singerin", (Zhytomyr, 1868).
His letters to Abraham Firkovich were also noted.Ground Master 400
The Ground Master 400 is a mobile radar system manufactured by ThalesRaytheonSystems.
GM 400 is a fully digital active electronically scanned array long-range air defense 3D radar, offering detection from very high to very low altitudes.
It tracks a wide range of targets from highly maneuverable tactical aircraft flying below several hundred feet to the unconventional small radar crossection devices, such as UAVs or cruise missiles
The system can be set up by a four-man crew in 30 minutes and can be remotely operated.
The system fits in a 20-foot shipping container and weighs less than ten tons.
The system can be rapidly deployed mounted on a 6x6 or 8x8 tactical truck and can be transported by a single C-130 aircraft or a helicopter.
The GM 400 has been selected to protect the European Space Agency's Guiana Space Centre.
The system was to be operational by the end of 2012.Geirr Lystrup
Geirr Lystrup (born 22 March 1949) is a Norwegian singer, poet, playwright and children's writer.
He was born in Vinje.
His debut album was "Ti på taket og Måltrostblues" from 1972.
His album "Songen om kjærligheta" from 1981 (a cooperation with Det Norske Kammerkor) was awarded Spellemannprisen.
He was awarded "Prøysenprisen" in 1987.
He has played with the music group Godtfolk, and their first album "Egg og Champagne" from 1988 was awarded Spellemannprisen.
Among his plays is "Brakar og Joanna", staged at Riksteatret at its 50th anniversary in 1999.Eoin Murphy (Kilkenny hurler)
Eoin Murphy (born 6 August 1990) is an Irish hurler who plays for Kilkenny Intermediate Championship club Glenmore and at inter-county level with the Kilkenny senior hurling team.
He usually lines out as a goalkeeper.
Murphy first came to prominence as a Gaelic footballer at New Ross Vocational College.
It was during his time here that he was selected for the Wexford vocational schools' team.
Murphy won back-to-back All-Ireland B Championship medals in 2008 and 2009.
Murphy studied at the Waterford Institute of Technology and joined the senior hurling team in his second year at the institute.
On 1 March 2014, he captained the team from centre-back when Waterford IT defeated the Cork Institute of Technology by 0-17 to 0-12 to win the Fitzgibbon Cup.
Murphy joined the Glenmore club at a young age and played in all grades at juvenile and underage levels as a dual player before eventually joining the club's top adult teams in both hurling and Gaelic football.
On 10 October 2009, Murphy lined out at left wing-back when Glenmore faced Muckalee in the Kilkenny Football Championship final.
He ended the game with a winners' medal following the 2-7 to 0-10 victory.
On 25 October 2015, Murphy won a Kilkenny Junior Championship medal as part of the Glenmore hurling team that defeated Kilmacow by 1-12 to 2-06 in the final.
He was one of the club's top scorers throughout the championship after amassing 6-28.
On 16 January 2016, Murphy lined out at right wing-forward when Glenmore faced Lusmagh in the Leinster final.
He top scored with 0-08, including four frees, and ended the game with a winners' medal following the 0-23 to 0-13 defeat of Lusmagh.
Murphy was switched to centre-forward for the All-Ireland final against Eoghan Rua on 7 February 2016.
He scored a point from play and collected an All-Ireland medal following the 2-08 to 0-12 victory.
Murphy first played for Kilkenny as a member of the minor team during the 2008 Leinster Championship.
He made his first appearance for the team on 6 April 2008 when he lined out in goal in Kilkenny's 3-12 to 0-15 defeat of Wexford.
On 6 July 2008, Murphy was again in goal when he collected a Leinster Championship medal following a 1-19 to 0-12 defeat of Wexford in the final.
On 7 September 2008, Kilkenny faced Galway in the All-Ireland final.
Although held scoreless for much of the second half, Murphy collected a winners' medal following the 3-06 to 0-13 victory.
Murphy was drafted onto the Kilkenny under-21 team as sub-goalkeeper in advance of the Leinster Championship.
He won a Leinster Under-21 Hurling Championship medal as an unused substitute on 15 July 2009 following Kilkenny's 2-20 to 1-09 defeat of Dublin in the final.
Murphy was again an unused substitute on 13 September 2009 when Kilkenny suffered a 0-15 to 0-14 defeat by Clare in the All-Ireland final.
On 9 June 2010, Murphy made his first appearance for the Kilkenny under-21 team.
He scored three points from right corner-forward following Kilkenny's 2-31 to 0-08 defeat of Offaly.
Murphy was eligible for the under-21 grade for a third and final season in 2011.
He made his final appearance in the grade on 7 June 2011 and top scored with 0-05 in the 1-16 to 2-12 defeat by Wexford.
Murphy was added to the Kilkenny intermediate hurling team in advance of the 2010 Leinster Championship.
He won a Leinster Championship medal as an unused substitute on 7 July 2010 following a 1-21 to 0-11 defeat of Dublin in the final.
On 28 August 2010, Murphy was again an unused substitute when Kilkenny defeated Cork by 2-17 to 1-13 in the All-Ireland final.
On 6 July 2011, Murphy made his Kilkenny intermediate team debut.
He won a second successive Leinster Championship medal on that occasion after top scoring with 1-07 in a 2-15 to 2-13 defeat of Wexford in the final.
Murphy was added to the Kilkenny senior team as third-choice goalkeeper for the 2011 season.
On 3 July 2011, he won a Leinster Championship medal as a member of the extended panel following Kilkenny's 4-17 to 1-15 defeat of Dublin in the final.
Murphy again failed to make the match-day panel but was on the extended panel when Kilkenny faced Tipperary in the All-Ireland final on 4 September 2011.
He ended the game with an All-Ireland medal following the 2-17 to 1-16 victory.
Murphy was promoted to second-choice goalkeeper behind David Herity during the 2012 National League.
He made his first appearance on 11 March 2012 when he lined out in goal in a 2-21 to 1-15 defeat of Waterford.
On 6 May 2012, Murphy won a National League medal as an unused substitute following Kilkenny's 3-21 to 0-16 defeat of Cork in the final.
He was retained as second-choice goalkeeper for the Leinster Championship and was an unused substitute on 8 July 2012 when Kilkenny suffered a 2-21 to 2-11 defeat by Galway in the final.
On 9 September 2012, Murphy was amongst the substitutes when Kilkenny drew 2-13 to 0-19 with Galway in the All-Ireland final.
On 30 September 2012, he won his second All-Ireland medal as an unused substitute following Kilkenny's 3-22 to 3-11 defeat of Galway in the All-Ireland final replay.
On 5 May 2013, Murphy lined out in goal when Kilkenny faced Tipperary in the National League final.
He ended the game with a second successive winners' medal - his first on the field of play - following the 2-17 to 0-20 victory.
Murphy made his Leinster Championship debut on 9 June 2013 when he lined out in goal in Kilkenny's 0-26 to 4-09 defeat of Offaly.
On 4 May 2014, Murphy was selected in goal when Kilkenny faced Tipperary in a second successive National League final.
He ended the game with a third successive winners' medal following the 2-25 to 1-27 victory.
Murphy lined out in Kilkenny's opening three games in the subsequent Leinster Championship but returned to the substitutes' bench for the Leinster final against Dublin on 6 July 2014.
He ended the game with a second winners' medal as an unused substitute following the 0-24 to 1-09 victory.
On 7 September 2014, Murphy was restored to the goalkeeping position when Kilkenny drew 3-22 to 1-28 with Tipperary in the All-Ireland final.
He was again in goal for the replay on 27 September 2014 and ended the game with a third All-Ireland medal - his first on the field of play - following the 2-17 to 2-14 victory.
Murphy ended the season by receiving an All-Star nomination.
Murphy won his third Leinster Championship medal - his first on the field of play - on 5 July 2015 following Kilkenny's 1-25 to 2-15 defeat of Galway in the Leinster final.
On 6 September 2015, he was again in goal for the All-Ireland final against Galway.
Murphy ended the game with a fourth All-Ireland medal following the 1-22 to 1-18 victory.
He ended the season by being nominated for a second All-Star award.
Murphy won a fourth Leinster Championship medal on 3 July 2016 following a 1-26 to 0-22 defeat of Galway in the final.
He was again in goal for the All-Ireland final against Tipperary on 4 September 2016.
Murphy ended the game on the losing side following a 2-29 to 2-20 defeat.
He ended the season by being named in the goalkeeping position on the All-Star team.
On 8 April 2018, Murphy was in goal when Kilkenny faced Tipperary in the National League final.
He scored a point from a free and collected a fourth winners' medal following the 2-23 to 2-17 victory.
Murphy was again selected in goal when Kilkenny faced Galway in the Leinster final on 1 July 2018.
He scored a point from a free in the 0-18 apiece draw.
He retained his position for the replay a week later, however, Kilkenny suffered a 1-28 to 3-15 defeat.
Murphy was later named in the goalkeeping position on the All-Star team.
Murphy missed the opening rounds of the Leinster Championship in 2019 but was back in goal for the final on 30 June 2019.
He scored a point from a long-range free in the 1-23 to 0-23 defeat by Wexford.
Murphy was added to the Leinster inter-provincial team during the 2016 Inter-provincial Championship.
He made his only appearance for the team on 15 December 2016 when he came on as a half-time substitute for Gerry Keegan in a 2-20 to 2-16 defeat by Munster in the final.Johann Kaspar Hechtel
Johann Kaspar Hechtel (1 May 1771 – 20 December 1799) was a German businessman, owner of a brass factory in Nuremberg, non-fiction writer and designer of parlour games including the prototype for the Petit Lenormand cartomancy deck.
According to published biographies, Hechtel also contributed anonymously to some treatises on physics.
Hechtel was born on 1 May 1771 in Nuremberg.
Hechtel died on 20 December 1799 in Nuremberg during a smallpox epidemic and was survived by a wife.
In the mid 19th century after the death of the famous French fortune-teller Marie Anne Lenormand, Lenormand's name was used on several cartomancy decks including a deck of 36 illustrated cards known as the Petit Lenormand or simply Lenormand cards still used extensively today.
The 36 card Lenormand deck is modelled on a deck of cards published c1799 as part of "Das Spiel der Hoffnung" ("The Game of Hope"), a game of chance designed by Hechtel which was still being advertised in 1820.
So-called Lenormand decks have the same card numbering, primary symbols and playing card associations as the cards in Hechtel's "Das Spiel der Hoffnung" game.
Some examples of the game are included in an extensive collection of playing cards bequeathed to the British Museum by Lady Charlotte Schreiber.
"Das Spiel der Hoffnung" is listed among Hechtel's works in an advertisement by publisher Gustav Philipp Jakob Bieling of Nuremberg dated 1799.Njombe Rural District
Njombe Rural District is one of the six districts of the Njombe Region of Tanzania, East Africa.
Its administrative seat is Njombe town.
Njombe Rural District was formally established when it was gazetted in March 2012.
It was created out of the northern part of the old Njombe District that had been in Iringa Region.
Western Njombe District became Wanging'ombe District, and south-eastern part became Njombe Urban District.
Most people are employed in herding and subsistence farming.
Roads are poor.
For parliamentary elections, Tanzania is divided into constituencies.
As of the 2010 elections the area that became Njombe Rural District had one constituency:
Njombe Rural District is administratively divided into divisions.
As of 2012, Njombe Rural District was administratively divided into fourteen wards:Sebastián Rodríguez
Sebastián Rodríguez may refer to:Shiratayama Hidetoshi
Shiratayama Hidetoshi (born 25 December 1943 as Hidetoshi Shirata) is a former sumo wrestler from Kagami, Kumamoto, Japan.
He made his professional debut in September July 1959 and reached the top division in March 1971.
His highest rank was "maegashira" 4.
Upon retirement from active competition he became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association, under the name Tanigawa.
He reached the Sumo Association's mandatory retirement age in December 2008.Magdalena Elisabeth Rahm
Magdalena Elisabeth de Ram van Hagedoorn (1687 – 21 November 1752 in Bergen-op-Zoom), was a Swedish (originally Dutch) politically active salon-holder during the Age of Liberty.
She was born in 1687 in Steenbergen in the Netherlands as the daughter of the Dutch colonel of the Aquila regiment Fredrik de Ram van Hagedoorn and Elisabeth Ruysch van Wayestein van Pijlsweert.
She married the Swedish colonel lieutenant Baron Henrik Magnus von Buddenbrock in Utrecht 11 July 1706, and settled with him in Sweden.
Magdalena Elisabeth Rahm was politically active in Sweden as the host of a political salon, and is foremost known for her support of the Russo-Swedish War (1741–1743), which is considered to have contributed to its realisation in 1741.
After the execution of her spouse in 1743 she left for the Netherlands with her children, where she was the heir of large estates around Steenbergen after her brother.Sunward SA 60L Aurora
The Sunward SA 60L Aurora is a Chinese light-sport aircraft, designed and produced by Sunward Aircraft, a division of Hunan Science and Technologies Co Ltd, an industrial machine manufacturer located in the Lu Gu High Technology Development Zone.
The aircraft is intended to be supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
The Aurora was designed to comply with the US light-sport aircraft rules.
It features a cantilever low-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit under a bubble canopy, fixed tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft's span wing has a rectangular planform and employs flaps.
The standard engine available is the Austrian-made Rotax 912ULS four-stroke powerplant.
The Civil Aviation Administration of China granted the design a type design approval in mid-2013.
Bayerl et al.
note that the Aurora closely resembles the Fly Synthesis Texan, but that the manufacturer claims the Aurora is an original design.
The aircraft can be equipped for banner-towing, aerial photography and has an airshow smoke generation system available.
In July 2014 the company announced an improved version, the SA 60V, with an upgraded engines installation using Austrian, rather than Chinese components and an IFR capable instrument panel.
As of April 2017, the design does not appear on the Federal Aviation Administration's list of approved special light-sport aircraft.
Reviewer Marino Boric described the design in a 2015 review as "stylish" and "elegant".Little Alcatraz
Little Alcatraz is a small rock in San Francisco Bay roughly off the Model Industries Building off northwest coast of Alcatraz Island.
Due to its proximity to the island it is known by this name, but it was formerly known as Paul Pry Rock due to the steamer "Paul Pry" striking it on December 22, 1862 with some 150 men on board.
On January 14, 1868, the 700 ton British ship, "Oliver Cutts", struck the rock and sank.
Since it is submerged at high tides, Little Alcatraz is still routinely struck by small pleasure boats.
The rock is often a resting ground for Brandt's cormorants.
During the last escape attempt from Alcatraz on December 16, 1962, Darl Lee Parker was found on Little Alcatraz; he couldn't swim.Lincoln Highway Bridge (Dugway Proving Ground, Utah)
Lincoln Highway Bridge, also known as Government Creek Bridge, is located in southern Tooele County, Utah, on the United States Army's Dugway Proving Ground facility.
It once served an original proposed alignment of the Lincoln Highway, an historic transcontinental auto route.
The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
According to one source, sometime around the turn of the twentieth century, a road was constructed across what is now Dugway Proving Ground.
In 1915, the Lincoln Highway Association (LHA) identified a road for incorporation into the highway's designated route between Salt Lake City, Utah and Ely, Nevada.
Constructed by laborers from Utah State Prison, the bridge has been identified as being a component of an early proposed alignment of that route.
Despite the LHA's considerable lobbying, by 1922, Utah officials had abandoned the route in favor of a more northerly alignment via Wendover, Utah along the Wendover Cut-off.
It is claimed to be "the only significant structure in this area that remains of the original proposed national highway."
When the bridge was surveyed for consideration for the National Register of Historic Places, it was described as being constructed of "hewn logs and log supports."
The survey notes abutments originally constructed of stone which were later reinforced by concrete as part of a Civilian Conservation Corps retrofit in the 1930s.
The bridge measures and was noted to be "in fairly good condition" upon completion of the survey in 1974.
The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.Mineseeker Foundation
Mineseeker Foundation is a South African organisation dedicated to the detection, identification and removal of land mines, especially in African countries.
It also provides help for people who have been affected by land mines, assisting in rehabilitation of the land and ensuring that affected communities have productive and sustainable futures.
The organisation estimates that there are over 100 million land mines still buried, and that someone steps on a land mine every 19 minutes.
Mineseeker Foundation uses technology developed by the British Ministry of Defence and licensed to the organisation to detect and remove mines.
Its effectiveness in Kosovo was featured in the BBC documentary "Mineseekers."
The Mineseeker Foundation also operates an initiative called The Sole of Africa, which provides assistance to communities affected by land mines.
Once land mines are detected and removed, the land is returned to agricultural uses.
The foundation is supported by a number of notable patrons and ambassadors including Nelson Mandela, Oscar Pistorius and Brad Pitt.Mark Kelly (hurler)
Mark Kelly (born 2 September 1988) is an Irish hurler/Athlete who played as a forward for the Kilkenny senior team 2012-16.
Born in Kilkenny, Kelly first played competitive hurling with his club O'Loughlin Gaels and holds Roinn A championship medals at u14, u16, minor and senior in recent years.
During his schooling at Kilkenny CBS, Kelly won Leinster championship medals and starred in his school's run to the All-Ireland Colleges final in 2007 narrowly losing to Waterford's De La Salle.
He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Kilkenny minor team before later joining the under-21 side.
Kelly scored 3 points from play while hurling midfield in the u21 All-Ireland final in 2009 against Clare.
He joined the senior panel during the 2012 championship after excelling with his club O'Loughlin Gaels.
Kelly scored two goals on his first championship start against Offaly and became a more regular member of the team since then.
He has won 3 All Ireland senior medals (2012, 2014, 2015) two Leinster medals, one National Hurling League medal, one u21 All Ireland medal, two u21 Leinster Championship medals and one Leinster minor medal during his county career.
Kelly first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Kilkenny minor team in 2006.
He won a Leinster medal that year following a heavy 4–22 to 1–5 defeat of Carlow.
Three years later and Kelly was a key member of the Kilkenny under-21 team.
He won a Leinster medal that year as a brace of Jonjo Farrell goals helped Kilkenny to a 2–20 to 1–19 defeat of Dublin.
Clare later faced Kilkenny in their first ever All-Ireland clash.
A late point from midfielder Cormac O'Donovan gave Clare a narrow 0–15 to 0–14 victory.
Kelly was added to the senior team in 2012, however, he played no part in Kilkenny's successful All-Ireland campaign.
In 2014 Kelly won his first National Hurling League medal as Kilkenny secured a narrow one-point 2–25 to 1–27 extra-time victory over Tipperary.
He later scored two goals on his championship debut on 7 June 2014 in a 5-32 to 1-18 Leinster quarter-final defeat of Offaly.
Kelly was later confined to the substitutes' bench for Kilkenny's subsequent Leinster and All-Ireland victories.
Kelly won his first Leinster medal on the field of play in 2015 following a 1-25 to 2-15 defeat of Galway in the provincial decider.Scania 3-series
The Scania 3-series is a truck model range introduced in 1987 by Swedish truck manufacturer Scania.
It is the successor of the 2-series.The 3 series came in a range of different engine sizes and horsepower from 9.0 litre 230 horsepower all the way up to 14 litre V8 500 horsepower engine.
Production of the 3-series was stopped after the 4-series were introduced in 1995.
The 3-series was the first series of Scania trucks to use the Streamline name, aiming to improve fuel efficiency and keep the styling up-to-date.
The most notable changes were a redesigned bumper and front fascia incorporating a lower-drag grille design and full headlight bezels and an improved cab-side wind deflector design.
The Scania R143 is generally considered to be the best European tractor unit of its time.
It is affectionately honoured by truck enthusiasts and has an unwavering reputation as a reliable and groundbreaking workhorse.Rixe
Rixe is a German bicycle, moped, and small motorcycle factory in Brake of Bielefeld.
The company was founded in 1922.
Since the 1950s, Rixe has mostly used the Fichtel & Sachs engines with displacements of 47 cc and 98 cc, who were known for their durability and reliability.
Also motorcycles were produced at the time of the motorcycle boom in the 1950s, there were engines of companies Sachs and ILO installed.
The most powerful version was equipped with a 250 cc ILO 2-cylinder engine with 18 PS.
In addition, mopeds (Rixe Derby d) and light motorcycles with 80 cc were produced, but were only sold only in small numbers.
Rixe did build many mopeds and scooters, which initially looked more like bicycles with a motor was installed.
Even today there are many Rixe- mopeds in use.
The traditional history of the company ended in 1984 when the plants were closed and relocated to the People's Republic of China.
The brand is now part bicycle manufacturer Derby Cycle Werke where it is used as a mark for the ZEG/CPD co-op.2012 Banja Luka Challenger – Singles
Blaž Kavčič was the defending champion, but retired from his first round match with a back injury.<br>
Victor Hănescu won the title, defeating Andreas Haider-Maurer 6–4, 6–1 in the final.Enazakura Tooru
Enazakura Tooru (born 29 July 1960 as Toru Hayakawa) is a former sumo wrestler from Sakashita, Gifu, Japan.
He made his professional debut in March 1977 and reached the top division in November 1987.
His highest rank was "maegashira" 1.
Upon retirement from active competition in 1994 he became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association, leaving in July 1999.
He was recruited by the former "ozeki" Daikirin and joined Oshiogawa stable in March 1977 at the age of 16.
He began fighting under his own surname of Hayakawa, receiving the "shikona" of Enazakura (meaning ″the cherry blossoms of Ena″, a region in his native Gifu Prefecture) in 1980.
He was not particularly large, at around 180 cm and 120 kg, so it took him nine years of toil in the lower divisions before he became an elite "sekitori" ranked wrestler in March 1986.
He won promotion to the top "makuuchi" division in November 1987, alongside Kotoinazuma and Nankairyu, and all three came thorough with "kachi-koshi" or winning records.
In July 1989 he earned what was to be his only "sansho" or special prize, for Fighting Spirit after a fine 10–5 score.
He never reached the "sanyaku" ranks, peaking at "maegashira" 1 which he reached in November 1990 at the age of 30.
Enazakura enjoyed cooking and listening to traditional Japanese music, and was an enka singer himself.
Enazakura′s last appearance in the top division was in March 1993, and he was demoted from the second "juryo" division a year later.
He retired in July 1994 after two losing scores in the unsalaried "makushita" division.
He remained in a sumo as a coach at Oshiogwawa stable, under the elder name Shikoroyama which was owned by the former "komusubi" Wakabayama.
He switched to the Takenawa elder name in 1995, but when this was needed by the retiring Tochinowaka in July 1999, Enazakura had to leave the sumo world.
He received a 2 million yen retirement payoff.
Enazakura was a solid if unspectacular wrestler who favoured pushing and thrusting techniques to fighting on the "mawashi" or belt.
He regularly used "oshi dashi" (push out), "tsuki otoshi" (thrust over), "hataki komi" (slap down), "hiki otoshi" (pull down) and "yori kiri" (force out).
He rarely employed throwing moves, occasionally using "sukuinage" (scoop throw).Al-Tawani
Al-Tawani () is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northeast of Damascus in the Qalamoun Mountains.
Nearby localities include Ma'loula to the northeast, Hosh Arab and Assal al-Ward to the north, Hala to the south, and al-Qutayfah to the southeast.
According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, al-Tawani had a population of 2,446 in the 2004 census.
Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.Martin Clark (footballer, born 1970)
Martin Clark (born 12 July 1970 in Haslingden), is an English former football player who last played for Northern Premier League side Chorley, retiring after a string of knee injuries in February 2010.
Clark played for Crewe Alexandra and Rotherham United in The Football League.
Clark began his career with Preston North End but did not make a senior appearance for them.
He signed for Lancaster City where he made over 140 appearances the club before transferring to Accrington Stanley.
While at Stanley, he impressed in an FA Cup match against Crewe Alexandra who signed him in 1991.
However, in his three years at the club he found his opportunities limited and was released at the end of his contract.
Dropping out of the football, Clark joined Football Conference side Southport.
Operating in numerous defensive role at Southport while working as a postman during the day, Clark went on to make over 140 appearances and found the target 10 times.
In 1996–97 former Tranmere Rovers and Rotherham United player Ronnie Moore took up his first full-time position as a manager and saw Clark as an integral part of his team.
Playing mainly as a Sweeper, Clark made 52 appearances for the 'Port and scoring 5 times that season.
Before the start of the season Ronnie Moore left Southport to take over the managers seat at Rotherham United, taking Clark with him.
Much like his first spell in the Football League, Clark found his appearances at Rotherham limited and was unable to establish himself in the first team.
After making only 29 appearances in two years he was soon on the move again.
Clark re-signed for Southport for the 1999–2000 season and immediately picked up from where he left off.
Re-establishing himself as a regular in the Southport back four he went on to make 50 appearances that season and finding the back of the net once.
The next three years Clark make another 140 appearances for the club and scoring twice.
In that time Clark was part of the side that came from behind to beat Football League opponents Notts County 4–2 at Haig Avenue in front of the BBC One show Match of the Day cameras.
Heartache soon followed, despite their giant killing exploits Southport were unable to build on their performance and slumped to numerous disappointing defeats that saw manager Phil Wilson replaced by Mike Walsh.
However that was unable to save them as they were relegated on the last day of the season after losing 0–3 at Stevenage Borough, with Clark visible upset by the result at the final whistle.
This match proved to be the last The Sandgrounders would see of Clark and he was released after making over 300 appearances by Walsh who was now rebuilding for life in the league below.
After leaving Haig Ave Clark trained in pre season with the team that replaced Southport in the Conference and one of his former teams, Accrington Stanley, however was unable to agree to anything long term.
Clark proceeded to sign for his former teammate Derek Goulding at Burscough for the 2003–04 season.
His time at Victoria Park was short lived and was soon on the move.
In February 2004, Clark once again signed for Lancaster City who at that time was managed by his former manager at Southport, Phil Wilson.
Before the start of the 2005–06, City were experiencing financial difficulties which saw numerous players released including Clark.
Wilson later spoke to the local paper stating that it was his toughest night in football.
Clark signed for Chorley despite interest from Kendal Town, and made an immediate impact winning Players' Player of the Year in his first season at Victory Park.
Following the departure of Jamie Vermiglio to Scarborough, Clark was made captain for the 2006–07 season.
A poor start to the season which saw Chorley joint bottom of the league with no points and only one goal to show for the first four games, manager Shaun Teale was replaced by a former teammate of Clark's, Paul Lodge, with Clark becoming player-coach.
Lodge's time at Chorley was short lived and after less than two months in the role resigned which saw Clark applying for the job and becoming caretaker manager for the interim.
Clark missed out on getting the role full-time as it was given to Gerry Luczka instead, however he was later awarded the Players' Player of the Year award for the second successive season and KC Couriers' Player of the Year.
The 2007–08 season was a successful one again on the accolade front for Clark, winning Players' Player of the season for the third successive year as well as KC Couriers' Player of the Year for the second successive year, for the first time the Supporters Club Player of the Year and finally awarded for most league appearances.
However, in July, in preparation for the 2008–09 season his captain's armband was given to Kieran Fletcher, however later that month he scored his first goal for the club in a friendly at Nelson.
In October 2008 Clark suffered a knee injury that saw him sidelined for the longest period in his career, only recovering from the injury after an operation in February 2009.
Only a year later in February 2010 after making over 150 appearances for the club, Clark called time on his career after having never fully recovered from the injury that sidelined him the previous season.Luigi Roncaglia
Luigi Roncaglia (born 10 June 1943) is a retired Italian cyclist.
He competed as an amateur track racer in the team pursuit at the 1964 and 1968 Olympics and at the world championships of 1965-1968, winning a medal on all occasions.
He then became a professional road cyclist and won a six-day race in Melbourne in 1970.2012–13 WKU Hilltoppers basketball team
The 2012–13 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers men's basketball team represented Western Kentucky University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Hilltoppers were led by head coach Ray Harper which was his first full year after coaching the final 19 games in 2011–12.
They played their home games at E. A. Diddle Arena and were members of the East Division of the Sun Belt Conference.
They finished the season 20–16, 10–10 in Sun Belt play to finish in fourth place in the East Division.
They were champions of the Sun Belt Tournament, winning the championship game over FIU, to earn an automatic bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament where they lost in the second round to Kansas.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Sun Belt Conference Men's Basketball Tournament
!colspan=9| 2013 NCAA TournamentEssex Canterbury Jack 1
Essex/Canterbury Jack 1 is an English Rugby Union league at the ninth tier of the domestic competition and features teams from Essex and parts of north-east London.
Promoted clubs tend to move up to London 3 Essex.
Relegated clubs used to drop into Essex Spitfire 2 but as that division has been abolished there is currently no relegation.
The division was created in 2003 by Essex-based teams who left Eastern Counties 1 and Eastern Counties 2.
Each year some of the clubs in this division also take part in the RFU Junior Vase - a level 9-12 national competition.
For the 2016-17 season the league was divided into two parallel divisions - Essex 1A and Essex 1B - divided on geographical lines with teams in Essex 1A typically based in the north and east of the county, while teams in Essex 1B are predominately London based.
Each division plays 14 home and away games from September until February.
From February the top 4 teams from each division go into the Essex Canterbury Jack 1 Premiership and play for the title and promotion, while the bottom 4 sides from each group would play for the Essex Canterbury Jack 1 Shied.
For the 2018-19 season Essex Canterbury Jack 1 would revert to being a single division of 11 teams.
From 2004 to 2016 there was a play-off between the runners-up of Eastern Counties 1 and Essex Canterbury Jack 1 for the third and final promotion place to London 3 North East.
The team with the superior league record had home advantage in the tie.
At the end of the 2015–16 season the Essex Canterbury Jack 1 teams had been the most successful with seven wins to the Eastern Counties 1 teams five; and the home team had won promotion on eight occasions compared to the away teams four.
Since the introduction of London 3 Eastern Counties and London 3 Essex at the start of the 2017-18 season the playoff has been cancelled.Ragnhild Grågås
Ragnhild Grågås (died 1510), was the person after whom the Gåsgränd in Gamla stan in Stockholm, Sweden is named.
Ragnhild was the centre of a court case.
On 23 June 1477, she and her daughter were accused by Sigrid, the wife of Jens Bok, of having had sexual intercourse with her husband.
This was regarded as indirect incest according to contemporary law and was a serious crime punishable by death.
The court, however, dismissed the charges, as Ragnhild and her daughter had already previously been accused of the same crime, and already been acquitted of it.
Instead, Sigrid was sentenced to banishment from the capital for slander.
The sentence was revoked after Ragnhild and her daughter asked for mercy for Sigrid.
Ragnhild's will is known from 1513, and she is regarded to have died a few years prior.
Ragnhild's spouse owned property at Gåsgränd, which she later came to own herself.
The case against Ragnhild apparently attracted a lot of attention in contemporary Stockholm, and the place was already called Gåsgränd in 1492, before her death.Frank J. Hennessy
Frank James Hennessy (November 19, 1880 – March 18, 1957) was an American politician and lawyer, best known for being United States Attorney for the Northern District of California in the 1940s and early 1950s.
His office was located in the San Francisco Post Office Building on 7th and Mission Streets.
In the late 1940s, he was often involved in the affairs of Alcatraz Island, working with its first warden James A. Johnston on legal matters surrounding the controversial prison institution.
He was the son of William Pope Hennessy, who was a tax commissioner for the Union Pacific Railroad.
Hennessy was a University of California graduate and was married to Maude.
He died in 1957 after a long illness; he was 76.The Demand Institute
The Demand Institute is a non-profit think tank that focuses on understanding how consumer demand is evolving around the world.
The Demand Institute was founded in 2012 by Mark Leiter and Jonathan Spector, and is jointly operated by The Conference Board and Nielsen and is headquartered in New York City.
The Demand Institute initially focused on American Communities.
The first report on consumer demand was "The Shifting Nature of U.S. Housing Demand," (2012) This was followed by "A Tale of 2000 Cities: How the Sharp Contrast Between Successful and Struggling Communities is Reshaping America" (2014) More recently, the work has extended to China with the publication of ""Sold in China"" (2015), ""No More Tiers"" (2015) and ""A Wealth of Opportunity"" (2016)
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York announced on January 13, 2014 that it was launching a new "Survey of Consumer Expectations", which is conducted monthly by The Demand Institute.
The United Nations Foundation joined forces with The Demand Institute to launch Project 8, a global collaboration to help the world better anticipate the needs of 8 billion people in 2025 and beyond.
The program was publicly announced in October 2014Carlo Rancati
Carlo Rancati (born 28 April 1940) is a retired Italian cyclist.
Competing as an amateur track racer, he won silver medals at the 1964 Summer Olympics and at the 1964 Track Cycling World Championships both in the team pursuit.
He then became a professional road racer, but with little success.South Carolina Highway 522
South Carolina Highway 522 (SC 522) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
It serves to connect communities in central Lancaster County.
SC 522 is a two-lane rural highway, from Liberty Hill to the North Carolina state line, near Sapps Crossroads.
It is similar to a Farm-to-market road that it provides no real destination for travelers, but does provides access to farmland in central Lancaster County.
Originally established in either 1937 or 1938, it was a new primary route from U.S. Route 521 (US 521) near Heath Springs to North Carolina Highway 9 in Primus.
In 1948, it was decommissioned.
However in 1949, it was reestablished along the same route and north to the North Carolina state line.
In 1951 or 1952, SC 522 was extended east to its current eastern terminus in Liberty Hill.Andor Fejér
Andor Fejér (born January 25, 1960) is a Hungarian electrical engineer and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Kunhegyes (Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County Constituency VII) from 2010 to 2014.
Fejér served as President of the General Assembly of Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County between 2006 and 2010.
He was a member of the Parliamentary Committee on Sustainable Development since May 14, 2010 and the Committee on Consumer Protection since March 7, 2011 until both December 31, 2012.Essex Spitfire 2
Essex Spitfire 2 was an English Rugby Union league at the tenth tier of the domestic competition.
It was the basement division of club rugby in Essex with promoted teams moving up to Essex Canterbury Jack 1 and no relegation (up until 2008-09 relegated teams dropped to Essex 3 but this division has since been abolished).
Essex Spitfire 2 was created in 2003 (then known as Essex 2) by Essex-based teams who left East Counties 3 South.
At the end of 2013-14 the division was abolished with teams either moving up into Essex Canterbury Jack 1 or into various Essex Merit leagues.Upper information region
In aviation, an upper information region (UIR) is a flight information region in upper airspace.Al-Jebbah
Al-Jebbah (; also spelled al-Jibbeh) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northeast of Damascus in the Qalamoun Mountains.
Nearby localities include Ma'loula and al-Qutayfah to the southeast, Hosh Arab and al-Tawani to the south and Assal al-Ward and Rankous to the southwest.
According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, al-Jibbah had a population of 2,829 in the 2004 census.
Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.Kathiramangalam, Thanjavur district
Kathiramangalam is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu, India.
It is situated on the border with Tiruvarur and Nagapattinam districts.
The place is known for Kathiramangalam Vana Durga Temple.Lunarcy!
The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto Film Festival on September 8, and screened at South by Southwest on March 13, 2013, It was picked up for distribution in Canada by Films We Like.
The film received generally favorable reviews.
Phil Brown for "ThatShelf" called the film "a hilarious, sweet, and oddly touching depiction of the joys and fulfillment of obsession."
"NOW Magazine"'s Norman Wilner wrote that the film "feels like it could have been filmed by a young Errol Morris."
Daniel Pratt for Exclaim!
praised the film, writing "With its quirky soundtrack, fun animation and equally enjoyable stock footage, "Lunarcy!"
is a unique documentary infused with comedy, yet it presents some visionary ideas that can't be completely disregarded."Dresden, North Dakota
Dresden is an unincorporated community in Cavalier County, North Dakota, USA.
Dresden is home to the Cavalier County Museum.Adelaide Street
Adelaide Street may refer to:Edward J. Miller
Edward Joe Miller, (born May 7, 1899, date of death unknown), also known as E. J. Miller, was an American prison administrator.
A native of Kansas, he was the second Associate Warden of Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary under James A. Johnston in the late 1930s and 1940s, both men known for their strict discipline.
Miller arrived on Alcatraz on June 23, 1934 as a Correctional officer, and by the end of the decade had been promoted to Associate Warden.
Miller was Associate Warden during numerous escape attempts at Alcatraz.
He was once challenged by Henri Young who complained to Miller that the Alcatraz rules which he and Johnston insisted upon were violations of Bureau of Prisons guidelines.
Miller responded, “You don't run Alcatraz.
I run Alcatraz", and later angrily refused Young a bible when he was in solitary confinement in D-Block.
He departed Alcatraz in 1947 and was transferred to Leavenworth.
He was married to Rosine (née Wahler) and lived on Alcatraz during his time as Associate Warden.Environmental theology
Environmental theology pertains to "The study of God’s relationship to the environment" (Jacobus, 2004).
Lynn White, Jr. must be associated with any scholarly writings on environmental theology because his work in the 1960s precipitated a renewed interest in the field on a massive scale.
“The Historical Roots of our Ecological Crisis” (White, 1967) is the most common citation in a literature review on the subject.
Writings in environmental theology normally cover two veins of thought.
One sector being a belief system and the other sector being a behavior system.
It is commonly found that documents closely associated with environmental theology do not directly define the term (Jacobus, 2001).
A distinction should be made; theology is a belief system and ethics is a behavior system.
Environmental theology generally must include an understanding of God's relationship to the cosmos or Creation, a cosmology.
Robert J. Jacobus divides the possibilities into three basic views of God’s physical relationship with the environment.
One, the Creator-God exists externally to the physical world (Timm, 1994).
The second is God exists internally in the environment (McFague, 1993, Tobias, 1994).
The third basic view stipulates God as an entity does not exist (Berry, 1994; Callicott, 1994; Swimme, 1994; Wei-ming, 1994).
Three variations of these basic types can be identified in literature.
The first is the person of God can be distinctly separate from the environment and also exist internally in the environment (White, 1994).
A second variation purports that God and nature exist as separate deities (Griffin, 1994).
The third variation denies God as a cognitive entity and views the environment as Creator/deity.
If God is external to the environment God then the Creator-God interfaces with the environment as a distinct entity, while if God is internal to the environment, one may make no distinction between the person of God and the environment and the notion of Creator itself may become problematic.
A mystical viewpoint common to several religious traditions that unites these categories is that God is continuously creating the universe, and that the universe is a direct expression of God's being, rather than an object created by God as the subject.
From the environmental perspective the corresponding worldviews would be (1) nature is created, (2) nature is divine and (3) nature is emergent.
Three environmental theologies emerge, (1) God exists eternally and the environment is God’s creation, (2) the environment is God (Nelson, 1990) and (3) the environment emerged from physical conditions (Fraley, 2000).
But Robert S. Corrington goes so far as to say that God is an emergent property of the cosmos itself.
There is not a clear distinction between environmental theology and ecotheology, though the term environmental theology might indicate a theology in which environmental ethics is established prior to one's understanding of the meaning of God.Judo Canada
Judo Canada, formerly known as The Canadian Kodokan Black Belt Association, is the non-profit national governing body of the Japanese martial art and combat sport Judo in Canada, and a federation of Judo associations in each of the ten provinces and three territories.
It was incorporated in 1956 and recognized by the International Judo Federation in 1958.Shalgam
Shalgam is a traditional salad from Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.
It is made from radishes, sweet Bulgarian bell pepper, carrots, onions, garlic and spices.Widerøe (disambiguation)
Widerøe is a Norwegian regional airline.
Widerøe may also refer to:The Bay (film)
The Bay is a 2012 American found footage horror film directed by Barry Levinson and written by Michael Wallach.
It premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in theaters on November 2, 2012.
The movie explains the footage was confiscated by the U.S. government until an anonymous source leaked the footage for the entire world to see.
On July 4, 2009, Claridge, a seaside Chesapeake Bay town nestled on Maryland's Eastern Shore thrives on water.
When two researchers find a staggering level of toxicity in the water, they attempt to alert the mayor, but he refuses to take action fearing that he will create a panic.
As a result, a deadly plague is unleashed, turning humans into hosts for a deadly, mutant breed of the isopod parasite "Cymothoa exigua".
The entire town is overwhelmed by chaos as these aggressive creatures start infecting the people one by one.
This spins off into several stories.
The most prominent is that of a young inexperienced news reporter and her cameraman, who are in the town to report on the 4th of July festivities.
She also explains the occurrences as the movie proceeds in an off-scene personal recording.
The other stories include two oceanographers who first discovered the parasites; two on-duty police deputies investigating a residential area; a young unsuspecting couple taking a last swim; a teenage girl using FaceTime to send a desperate message to a friend; a doctor who informs two agents at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention about the developing situation at the local hospital; and, among others, a young married couple with an infant aboard a vessel who sail towards their family's home to reunite for the holidays, unaware of the horrific events unfolding on the mainland.
The film came about as a result of a documentary Levinson was asked to produce about problems facing the Chesapeake Bay.
Although Levinson chose to abandon the documentary upon learning that "Frontline" already covered the same issue, Levinson instead decided to use the research to produce a horror film which he hoped would shed light on the issues facing Chesapeake.
As such when promoting the film he noted that it's "80 percent factual information."
Levinson chose to use the found footage format after thinking about the Pompeii disaster and noting that if such a disaster happened today there would be much more evidence of what happened with him telling Yahoo!
"For the very first time in history, you can get a picture of that town, if you collect all the footage from everyone's cell phones and their digital cameras and the Skypes, and the texting and everything else" A byproduct of the format was that much of the footage was able to be shot by the actors themselves as opposed to a more traditional camera crew.
According to Levinson roughly one third of the film was shot this way.
Though the film is set in Levinson's home state of Maryland, it was shot on locations in North Carolina and South Carolina.
The film has received mostly positive reviews from critics, with a 76% "certified fresh" approval rating and an average rating of 6.5 out of 10 on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on 74 reviews.
The website's critical consensus states that "Barry Levinson's eco-horror flick cleverly utilizes familiar found-footage methods in service of a gruesome yet atmospheric chiller."
It also holds a score of 65 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on 20 reviewers, indicating "generally favourable reviews".
David Cox of "The Guardian" awarded the film 5 out of 5 stars and called it a "horror film for grown ups".
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times", however, was less positive, awarding the film 2.5 out of a possible 4, stating "Although there are some scary moments here, and a lot of gruesome ones, this isn't a horror film so much as a faux eco-documentary".Pointe-Claire Windmill
The Pointe-Claire Windmill (French: Moulin à vent de Pointe-Claire) is a windmill in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, Canada.
It is the oldest windmill on the island of Montreal and one of 18 remaining windmills in Quebec.
Like most mills in New France it was built to a French design, a cylindrical stone tower with a movable roof which could be turned by a tail pole to face the sails to the wind.
The mill had two doors, to provide an exit regardless of which ways the sails faced.
The walls are four French feet (1m32) thick at the base.
The interior is 12 French feet in diameter by 24 high.
The mill originally contained elevated platforms beneath gun slits for defence.
The surrounding shoreline was fenced with pointed wooden stakes.
However, the site was never attacked.2012 ATP Roller Open – Singles
Tobias Kamke won the title, defeating Paul-Henri Mathieu 7–6, 6–4 in the final.Parabaik
Parabaik (; ) is a type of paper, made of thick sheets of paper that are blackened, glued and folded together.
Along with paper made from bamboo and palm leaves, parabaiks were the main medium for writing and drawing in early modern Burma/Myanmar.
There are two types of parabaiks: historically, black parabaiks () were the main medium of writing while the white parabaiks () were used for paintings and drawings.
The extant black parabaiks consist of works of scientific and technical importance like medicine, mathematics, astronomy, astrology, history, social and economic commentary, music, historical ballads, fiction, poetry, etc.
The extant white parabaiks show colored drawings of kings and court activities, stories, social customs and manners, houses, dresses, hair styles, ornaments, &c. The majority of Burmese chronicles were originally written on parabaiks.
A 1979 UN study finds that "thousands upon thousands" of rolls of ancient parabaiks were found (usually in monasteries and in homes of private collectors) across the country but the vast majority were not properly maintained.11 Comae Berenices
11 Comae Berenices is a binary star system in the northern constellation of Coma Berenices, located in the sky, east and slightly north of Denebola in Leo, but not nearly as far east as ε Virginis in Virgo.
It is about a degree from the elliptical galaxy M85 and two degrees north of the spiral galaxy M100.
Based upon an annual parallax shift of , the star is located 305 light years away from the Sun.
It is visible to the naked eye as a faint, orange-hued star with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.72.
This body is moving away from the Sun with a heliocentric radial velocity of +44 km/s.
The primary component is an aging K-type giant star with a stellar classification of K0 III.
It is a low metallicity star with an iron abundance about half that of the Sun.
Keenan and McNeil (1989) found a class of , showing an underabundance of iron in the spectrum.
At the age of 1.5 billion years old with 1.7 times the mass of the Sun, it has exhausted the hydrogen at its core and expanded to 15.8 times the Sun's radius.
The star is radiating 110 times the luminosity of the Sun from its swollen photosphere at an effective temperature of 4,670 K. It has a magnitude 12.9 companion star at an angular separation of along a position angle of 44°, as of 2007.
A substellar companion was discovered orbiting the primary star in 2007 using the radial velocity method.
It has a period of 326 days with minimum mass of about 19.4 Jupiter masses and is orbiting around from the host star with an eccentricity of 0.23.
The object's mass is well within the range of deuterium-fusing brown dwarfs.Julie Andrieu
Julie Andrieu (born 27 February 1974) is a French television/radio presenter and food critic.
Julie Andrieu was born in Paris, the daughter of actress Nicole Courcel, married to a man much younger than her and who abandoned her during her pregnancy.
She and her mother lived for a year with Jean-Pierre Coffe, who was a close friend.
She has a half-brother and a half-sister from her father's side.
She is also the cousin of writer Marc Levy and actress Cathy Andrieu.
She started her career at age 18 as a photographer for "France Soir".
At age 20, she learnt to prepare small dishes to please her partner, the photographer Jean-Marie Périer.
She published in 1999 her first cookbook titled "La Cuisine de Julie" and became in 2000 a food critic for the "Guide Lebey".
Since 2001, she has hosted several radio and television programs on cooking:
Since September 2009, she has been a food columnist in the daily television program "C à vous" presented by Alessandra Sublet on France 5, preparing almost every evening a recipe during the show.
In 2012, she replaced Alessandra Sublet during her pregnancy by hosting the program every Friday.
She also collaborates on the weekly television magazine "Télé 7 Jours" for the rubric "À table".
She has published a number of books of recipes and cooking advice, created her own website and produced several television programs titled, such as "Julie chez vous", where she visits individuals to make an inventory of their closets, advise and develop a recipe with the material they have.
Julie Andrieu married in August 2010 French neurosurgeon Stéphane Delajoux.
She gave birth on 26 October 2012 to a boy named Hadrien.
In September 2015, she announced expecting her second child, and gave birth on 16 December 2015 to a girl named Gaïa.36 Comae Berenices
36 Comae Berenices is a single star in the northern constellation of Coma Berenices.
It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.76.
The distance to this star, as determined from an annual parallax shift of , is 349 light years.
It is moving closer to the Earth with a heliocentric radial velocity of −1.5 km/s.
This is an evolved red giant star with a stellar classification of M0.5 III, currently on the asymptotic giant branch of the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram.
This indicates it has consumed the hydrogen at its center and is now generating energy through hydrogen and helium fusion along shells surrounding an inert carbon and oxygen core.
It has expanded to 43 times the radius of the Sun and is radiating 372 times the Sun's luminosity from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 3,890 K.12 Comae Berenices
12 Comae Berenices is a binary star system in the northern constellation of Coma Berenices.
It is the brightest member of the Coma Cluster and is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.80.
Although listed as a suspected variable star, there is no photometric evidence of it being variable in luminosity.
However, the radial velocity was found to be variable, as announced by W. W. Campbell in 1910.
The first orbital solution was published by Vinter Hansen in the 1940s.
It is a double-lined spectroscopic binary with an orbital period of 396.5 days and an eccentricity of 0.566.
This system consists of two stars, an evolved F-type giant star and a smaller but higher temperature A-type main-sequence star.
Griffin and Griffin (2011) suggested that the secondary component may have begun its evolution away from the main sequence, and instead assigned it a luminosity class of IV.
The primary, designated component A, has 2.6 times the mass of the Sun and has expanded to 8.9 times the Sun's radius.
It is radiating 56 times the Sun's luminosity from its enlarged photosphere at an effective temperature of 5,300 K. Its companion, component B, has double the Sun's mass and 2.5 times the radius.
It shines with 30 times the luminosity of the Sun at 8,500 K.Toyonoumi Shinji
Toyonoumi Shinji (born 22 September 1965 as Shinji Hamada) is a former sumo wrestler from Buzen, Fukuoka, Japan.
He made his professional debut in March 1981 and reached the top division in November 1988.
He was known by the shikona Takanohama until 1990.
His highest rank was "maegashira" 1.
He did not miss a single bout in his 19-year professional career.
Upon retirement from active competition he became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association, under the name Yamahibiki.
He left the Sumo Association in June 2002.
Born Shinji Hamada in Buzen, Fukuoka, he was first spotted while at elementary school by "ozeki" Takanohana Kenshi, who was on a regional tour, and the youngster was promised a spot in Futagoyama stable.
After graduating from junior high in March 1981, he made his professional debut alongside future "sekiwake" Tochitsukasa.
In March 1982 he followed the now retired Takanohana to a new stable the former "ozeki" had founded, Fujishima.
Having previously fought under his own surname of Hamada, to mark the occasion his "shikona" was modified to Takanohama.
He rose steadily up the ranks, reaching the elite "sekitori" level in September 1987 when he was promoted to the "juryo" division.
In November 1988 having won the juryo "yusho" or tournament championship he made his debut in the top "makuuchi" division alongside Saganobori.
These two were the final new "makuuchi" wrestlers of the Shōwa era.
He fell back to "juryo" in July 1989 but immediately returned.
In July 1990 he switched to the "shikona" of Toyonoumi, which he was to use for the rest of his career.
In January 1992 he took a second "juryo" division championship – in the same tournament that his stablemate Takahanada (the son of his stablemaster) won the "makuuchi" division title.
In February 1993 he found himself back under the Futagoyama banner when his original stable and Fujishima merged following the retirement of Futagoyama Oyakata (former "yokozuna" Wakanohana Kanji I).
Despite fighting in the top division for a total of thirty tournaments, Toyonoumi never won a special prize or managed to defeat a "yokozuna."
He never reached a "sanyaku" position, his highest rank being "maegashira" 1 which he achieved in September 1992.
His last appearance in the top division was in March 1994 but he carried on fighting for another five years after that, finally announcing his retirement in March 1999 facing certain demotion to the unsalaried "makushita" division.
He had been an active wrestler for 19 years and had never missed a bout in his entire career, fighting 1316 consecutive matches – the seventh highest in sumo history.
Toyonoumi's danpatsu-shiki or official retirement ceremony was held on October 3, 1999 at the Ryogoku Kokugikan, with around 3000 guests.
He remained in the sumo world as a coach at his stable under the elder name of Yamahibiki Oyakata, but he was only renting the elder stock and he left the Japan Sumo Association in June 2002.
Toyonoumi was one of the heaviest wrestlers ever, reaching a peak weight of around in 1998, and was sometimes criticised for being ungainly and slow-moving.
He favoured "yotsu-sumo" or grappling techniques.
He used a "hidari-yotsu" position on his opponent's "mawashi" or belt, with a right hand outside, left hand inside grip.
His two most common winning "kimarite" were yori-kiri "(force out)" and "oshi-dashi" (push out).
Among other techniques he used regularly were "kotenage" (armlock throw) and "kimedashi" (arm barring force out).George Robertson (footballer, born 1885)
George Clarke Robertson (born 7 March 1885; died 1937) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Yoker Athletic, Motherwell, The Wednesday and East Fife.
Robertson also represented Scotland four times, between 1910 and 1913.Monte Linas
Monte Linas is a massif in the province of South Sardinia, in south-western Sardinia, Italy.
It is mostly composed of granite, and includes numerous mineral deposits, such as zinc and lead.
Peaks include Perda de sa Mesa (1,236 m), the highest peak in southern Sardinia, Monte Lisone (1,082 m), punta di San Miali (1,062 m), punta Magusu (1,023 m).
<br>23 Comae Berenices
23 Comae Berenices is a binary star system in the northern constellation of Coma Berenices, situated a few degrees away from the North Galactic Pole.
It is visible to the naked eye as a faint, white-hued point of light with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.80.
The system is located around 310 light years away from the Sun, based on parallax.
It is moving closer to the Earth with a heliocentric radial velocity of −16 km/s.
The components of this system orbit each other with a period of 33 years, a large eccentricity of 0.9, and an angular semimajor axis of .
The primary, designated component A, is a magnitude 4.96 star with a stellar classification of A0IV, matching an A-type subgiant that has exhausted the supply of hydrogen at its core and is in the process of evolving into a giant.
Bychkov et al.
(2009) list it as an Am star with an average field strength of .
The primary is 210 million years old and is spinning with a projected rotational velocity of 40 km/s.
It has 2.15 times the mass of the Sun and about three times the Sun's radius.
The star is radiating 104 times the luminosity of the Sun from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 9,675 K.41 Comae Berenices
41 Comae Berenices is a single, orange-hued star in the northern constellation of Coma Berenices.
It is visible to the naked eye, having an apparent visual magnitude of 4.80.
Based upon an annual parallax shift of , it is located around 331 light years away.
It is moving closer to the Earth with a heliocentric radial velocity of −17 km/s.
At the age of about 4.5 billion years, this is an evolved giant star with a stellar classification of K5-III, currently on the red giant branch.
It has 1.2 times the mass of the Sun and, after consuming the hydrogen at its core, has expanded to 34 times the Sun's radius.
The star is radiating 323 times the Sun's luminosity from its enlarged photosphere at an effective temperature of 4,211 K.
In 2017, one planet (HD 113996 b) was found orbiting it via the radial velocity method.
The planet has a mass of at least , a semi-major axis of , an orbital period of , and an eccentricity of .WKJD
WKJD is a radio station in broadcasting on 90.3 MHz FM, licensed to Columbus, Indiana.
The station airs a Contemporary Christian music format, and is owned by Good Shepherd Radio, Inc.Joe Brennan (hurler)
Joe Brennan (born 18 April 1990) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a substitute centre-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
Brennan joined the team during the 2012 National League, An All-Ireland medalist in the minor grade, he has won one National League winners' medal as a non-playing member of the senior panel.
At club level 'The Pig' plays with the St. Patrick's club.A Christmas Story 2
A Christmas Story 2 is a 2012 film directed by Brian Levant and starring Daniel Stern and Braeden Lemasters.
The film is a direct sequel to the 1983 film "A Christmas Story", which ignores the events of the 1994 film "My Summer Story".
It was released straight to DVD on October 30, 2012.
Although billed as an "official sequel" in the trailer, the film is not directly based on Jean Shepherd's writings, instead relying on an original script by Nat Mauldin, who also narrates the movie in place of the late Shepherd.
(The subplot of Ralphie and his friends finding jobs and then getting fired was originally by Shepherd and had previously been included in the telefilm "Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss".)
The film takes place in 1946.
Ralphie is now fifteen years old, and all he wants is a used 1939 Mercury Eight convertible for Christmas.
He tries testing the car out when he sees it on a display ramp, but he accidentally causes the car to roll back out of the used car lot and gently tap a light pole, causing a plastic reindeer on the pole to loosen and fall through the convertible top.
Ralphie bands together with Flick and Schwartz to raise enough money to pay the dealer back for fixing it before Christmas so that the car dealer won't have Ralph arrested and presumably thrown in jail.
He and his friends get a job and after going through several departments at the Higbee's store and in the end getting into a fight with the store Santa and then each other they all get fired.
Ralphie does get his job back after some begging and pleading, but by Christmas Eve he finds he is still $1 short, so he and Flick rob Schwartz of his "lucky buck".
While on the way to the dealer, Ralphie decides to donate a chunk for a less fortunate family.
He winds up still off the hook with the owner of the dealership.
In the end he does get the car he wants for Christmas and the girlfriend he wants to go with it.
Prior to the film’s release the initial reception to the film's trailer was predominantly negative.
FleshEatingZipper panned the movie, writing that the slapstick elements in the film detracted from the movie while praising the attempt to "replicate a 40s-era Midwest".
Brian Orndorf of Blu-ray.com wrote, "Shamelessly derivative and plasticized, "A Christmas Story 2" will only have you wondering why you're not watching the original picture again."Pantea Rahmani
Pantea Rahmani (), (born 10 September 1971 in Tehran), is a contemporary Iranian artist, known for her self-portraits.
Rahmani was born on 10 September 1971 in Tehran, Iran.
She studied visual art at the Fine Department of the Art at University of Tehran and in 1999, she graduated with a B.F.A in Painting and Drawing.
Rahmani often uses dark and acherontic shades of grey for her self portraits on large canvas.
Both of her Tehran pictures and her "NO.7", were shown at a 2012 solo exhibition called "The Seismic Sanctuary" at the Salsali Private Museum in Dubai.
Rahmani has had exhibitions at Iranian art galleries and museums such as Niavaran Cultural Center, and The Museum of contemporary Arts.
She also has participated in exhibitions such as Dessin, Drawing exhibition in Kyoto University of Arts & Design, Japan and CROQU'ART (women's movements) in Brussels, Belgium.37 Comae Berenices
37 Comae Berenices is a variable star system located around 690 light years away from the Sun in the northern constellation of Coma Berenices.
It has the variable star designation LU Comae Berenices.
37 Comae Berenices was a later Flamsteed designation of 13 Canum Venaticorum.
This object is visible to the naked eye as a faint, yellow-hued star with a baseline apparent visual magnitude of 4.88.
It is drifting closer to the Earth with a heliocentric radial velocity of −14 km/s.
Tokovinin (2008) catalogued this as a wide triple star system.
The primary component is an aging giant star, currently in the Hertzsprung gap, with a stellar classification of .
It is a weak G-band star, a luminous giant star with a carbon abundance about a factor of 5 lower than is typical for such stars.
This is a variable star most likely of the RS CVn type with an amplitude of 0.15 in magnitude, and it displays magnetic activity.
It has 5.25 times the mass of the Sun and, having exhausted the supply of hydrogen at its core, has expanded to 38 times the Sun's radius.Group switching centre
A group switching centre (GSC) was a United Kingdom telephone exchange used to provide local and trunk routing to local exchanges within its own and if required, adjacent group areas.
Group switching centres formed a component of the trunk mechanisation hierarchy that was commenced in 1939.
The concept of group switching centres became important with the introduction of subscriber trunk dialling (STD) in 1958, initially from Bristol central telephone exchange.
They were typically located towards the centre of their corresponding group area, usually in a large town or city, and serviced a group of local and dependent telephone exchanges within their home and adjacent group areas.
From 1 January 1958, the British network was divided into 639 charging groups.
These areas provided the basis for tariff calculations for telephone calls.
Group switching centres were required because it was not cost-effective to have direct circuits between every exchange in the country.
The GSC serving the calling party would act as a concentrator for trunk calls and an operator or, if an STD dialled routing was available, it would establish the call to the appropriate GSC serving the called party's exchange.
The area code (the STD code) for the called party would be translated by a register/translator into the routing code that set the route through the GSC's for the calling party to the called parties' exchange.
a maximum of 6 routing digits was possible hence giving restrictions on the number of exchanges that could be directly dialled.
Different technologies were used for the unit, the Type 1 using cold cathode devices and the Type 4 magnetic drum, suitable for use in Director areas (e.g.
Manchester).
Types 2, 3 and 5 were electromechanical.
Type 5 registers used PO type-4 uniselectors for storage, directly interfacing with sender/receivers that used SSMF2 multi-frequency signalling that was used on the Transit Network.
Type 6 was an all-electronic unit (transistors and ferrite cores), Type 10 was an electromechanical incoming register using PO type-4 uniselectors, accepting signals from SSMF2 Sender/Receivers and pulsing-out the digits as LD (loop-dis).
Types 12, 13 and 14 were electronic, using various technologies.
Until the Transit System was introduced in 1971, directly-dialled call routings could only involve one intermediate GSC due to transmission requirements, all other calls requiring an operator-assisted routing.
GSC's were initially based on the Strowger step-by-step system as adopted by the Post Office for the telephone network.
Subsequent developments permitted the use of crossbar switches designated as TXK1 which offered enhancements such as 2nd attempt routing; a facility not available on Strowger systems.
Each of the 639 charging areas was associated or coterminous with one of 230 group switching centres which contained register-translators (also referred to as GRACE – Group Routing And Charging Equipment) required for local subscribers to originate self dialled trunk calls.
During the introduction of international direct dialling (IDD), initially referred to as international subscriber dialling (ISD) within the UK, group switching centres were equipped with international call timers and international register-translators to route calls to the relevant international exchange for onward routing abroad.
Prior to the introduction of subscriber trunk dialling, most group switching centres housed operators in an auto manual centre (AMC) who were able to place any calls for subscribers in the local area that could not be directly dialled.
Operators continued to be used after the introduction of subscriber trunk dialling, albeit on a reducing basis as direct-dialled routings became increasingly available until universal direct dialling between UK subscribers became available in 1979 via the trunk transit network.Sechin Bajo
Sechin Bajo is a large archaeological site with ruins dating from 3500 BCE to 1300 BCE, making it one of the oldest centers of civilization in the Western Hemisphere.
Sechin Bajo is located in the valley of the Sechin River, about from the Pacific Ocean and about northwest of Lima, Peru.
Sechin Bajo is one ruin among many located in close proximity to each other in the valleys of the Casma and Sechin Rivers.
In 2008, a German and Peruvian archaeological team, headed by Peter Fuchs, announced that a circular plaza, in diameter and constructed of rocks and rectangular adobe bricks had been found at Sechin Bajo.
Radiocarbon dating indicated that plaza was constructed in 3500 BCE.
A nearby 2 meter-tall (2 yards) frieze was dated at 3600 BCE.
The plaza and the frieze are the two oldest examples of monumental architecture discovered thus far in the Americas.
Sechin Bajo may contend with sites of Norte Chico as the oldest urban settlement of the Americas.
The Peruvian Pacific coast is one of the driest deserts in the world with average annual precipitation of less than .
Along the of Peruvian coast, 57 small rivers flow into the sea, watered by the higher precipitation received in the Andes Mountains inland at elevations higher than .
Each river valley forms a linear oasis in which irrigated agriculture is possible.
The valleys of the Casma River and its tributary, the Sechin River, are one of the linear oases.
The ancient area of the Casma/Sechin culture extends about inland from the sea.
The width of the irrigable valleys range from .
Located along about in the Sechin River valley, just upstream from its junction with the Casma, is a complex of archaeological ruins that includes sites such as Sechin Bajo, Sechin Alto, Cerro Sechin, and Taukachi-Konkan, all of them except Sechin Alto in the desert just beyond the edge of the irrigated river valley.
The Casma valley was populated long before the monumental construction began.
The oldest radio carbon date found at Sechin Bajo is 4500 BCE although other signs of human occupation of the Casma valley date back to before 6,000 BCE.
Sechin Bajo is located about north of the Norte Chico civilization, believed to be the oldest in the Americas.
Given the short distances contact and transmission of cultural traits between the two areas was likely.
The ruins of Sechin Bajo cover an area of about .
The ceremonial center of the ruin consists of three monumental constructions dating from different times.
The "First Edifice" or "First Building" is the oldest, initially consisting of a platform square built of rocks and adobe brick and raised 2 meters over sunken circular plazas.
The sunken circular plaza feature was maintained throughout.
In one iteration, calibrated radiocarbon dating of the First Building ranges from as early as 3700 BCE and as late as 2900 BCE during the pre-ceramic (prior to the use of pottery) period of Peruvian archaeology.
The First Building was reconstructed on five occasions during that time period with plazas and staircases being constructed, filled in, and reconstructed on multiple occasions.
The oldest of the sunken plazas was radio carbon dated at 3500 BCE in 2008.
An adobe frieze was dated at 3600 BCE.
The frieze, tall, is of a man holding something in one hand and something else in the other.
What he is holding has been interpreted as a ritual knife or a ceremonial cane in one hand and a human head or a shield in the other hand.
The "Second Building" and the "Third Building" were constructed much later, on top of the First Building and to cover a much larger area.
They date from approximately 1600 BCE to 1200 BCE.
The Third Building is the most monumental with both public squares and private areas and with many walls decorated with relief carvings.
After the three buildings on the site were abandoned, they were used as a graveyard up until the fifteenth century CE.
The construction of the Second and Third Buildings was oriented toward Cerro Sechin, distant on the other side of the Sechin Valley.
That indicates cooperation (or subordination) among the builders of the two sites.
The husband and wife archaeological team of the Pozorskis have speculated that Sechin Bajo and other Casma/Sechin cities and ceremonial centers were conquered about 1000 BCE by invaders from the highlands.
The purported invaders introduced maize, domesticated animals, warlike carvings, and different styles of ceramics and architecture.
The oldest radiocarbon dates (3600 BCE) of Sechin Bajo, if confirmed by additional investigations, may establish it as oldest site of monumental construction yet found in the Americas.
This may mean that Sechin Bajo in the Casma and Sechin valleys may claim to be the oldest urban site in the Americas.
That distinction in the early 21st century is held by the Norte Chico civilization of which the oldest ruins are dated at about 3500 BCE at Huaricanga, south of Sechin Bajo.
Another relevant ancient site is Bandurria, Peru in the River Huaura valley, with radio-carbon dates of 3200 BC.
Other important findings include confirmation that the Casma and Sechin valleys were probably occupied c.4500 BCE by a stable and sedentary or semi-sedentary population which eventually produced the monumental architecture found at Sechin Bajo.
The date at which agriculture became the most important source of subsistence of the people of the valleys is uncertain.
The findings at Sechin Bajo appear to contradict the theory of anthropologist Michael E. Moseley and others that the earliest civilizations in Peru were based not on agriculture, but on exploitation of the rich maritime resources of the Peruvian coastline at sites such as Las Haldas which practiced little or no agriculture.
The oldest radiocarbon dates for Las Haldas, about from Sechin Bajo, are about 2400 BCE.The Last Leg
The Last Leg (known during its first series as The Last Leg with Adam Hills) is a British comedy and late night television talk show that originally ran alongside the 2012 Summer Paralympics every night following the main coverage on Channel 4.
Hosted by Australian comedian Adam Hills and co-hosted by Josh Widdicombe and Alex Brooker, it gives a review of the day's events.
Featuring a mix of comedy, guests and Paralympics highlights, the show received strong reviews and regularly pulled in more than a million viewers each night of the Paralympic Games.
It has since become a weekly show giving a humorous alternative look back at the week's events.
Series 18 is scheduled to begin airing on Friday 25 October 2019.
"The Last Leg" is described by main presenter Adam Hills as "Three guys with four legs talking about the week", because Hills was born without a right foot and Brooker had his right leg amputated when he was a baby.
The original series, broadcast during the 2012 Paralympics, was a look back at each day's events during the competition, as well as a look at the news that week.
Following on from the Paralympics, the series became weekly, and looks at the events in the news that week, as well as covering Paralympic matters.
The show features guest interviews with Paralympians and celebrities.
The series is broadcast live and encourages interaction with the viewers at home, holding polls via Twitter using hashtags.
A recurring theme in the show is the use of the hashtag #isitok to highlight questions from Twitter users to be asked in the show.
Initially it was for asking questions about disability that people felt awkward asking; the broadening of the show's remit is reflected in the questions asked in this stream.
The show originally was broadcast from the Riverside Studios in London.
It would later move to the ITV London Studios on London's south bank.
From Series 14 it is now made in Studio TC1 at the BBC Studios in Television Centre, West London, which is operated and run by BBC Studioworks.
Recurring segments in the show include rants or attacks by Hills on certain people and organisations, which has since resulted in the coining of Hills' catchphrase: "Don't be a dick!"
Another segment is "The Last 7 Days", in which Widdicombe looks at more comic news items that have occurred during the week, and Brooker's various attempts to qualify for the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
Another is the "Bullshit Button", which was first used in a segment in which Brooker interviewed the then-Leader of the Liberal Democrats Nick Clegg to see if Clegg could persuade him to vote in the 2015 UK general election.
Brooker would press a large red buzzer that played an audio recording of him saying the word "Bullshit" if he thought Clegg was lying during the interviews.
Since then, the buzzer has been used in various situations whenever the show thinks someone is lying, and a second buzzer has been added which features Widdicombe saying: "That's true, actually" when someone says something that really is true.
After appearing on the show in 2017, comedian Armando Iannucci's voice has replaced Brooker's voice on the bullshit button.
Since the replacement, four more buttons have been implemented, all four varying in levels: "cow chutney", "a shite in shining armour", "a turd the size of Disneyland Paris" and "Thomas the Wank Engine", the latter being the most often used.
Since January 2014, "The Last Leg" has presented a mock prize to the "Dick of the Year", awarded for being the biggest dick over the previous year.
The winner is voted on by the viewers using Twitter with the hashtag #dickoftheyear.
The winner for 2013 was Russian president Vladimir Putin.
In January 2015, journalist Katie Hopkins received the most votes for 2014's "Dick of the Year" but Hills and the team making the show made an executive decision to not give Hopkins the prize on the grounds that she would enjoy receiving it.
Thus, the prize went to the person with the second-highest number of votes, UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage.
The prize for 2015 was awarded to Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt, who won 80% of the vote in the final round of voting, beating Donald Trump into second place.
In the 2016 Christmas special, the prize was awarded to whole of the year 2016, defeating Donald Trump, Nigel Farage and David Cameron.
In 2017, it was announced that as well as "Dick of the Year", the people who have come second and third will be named "Ballbags of the Year".
The nominations for 2017 were decided for by both public vote and a selection of wildcards chosen by the hosts of the show.
The nominees are Theresa May, Kim Jong-un, Donald Trump, Adam's wildcard Bob Katter, Josh's wildcard Lewis Hamilton, and Alex's wildcard Philip Hammond.
The result was Trump being declared the winner, with May second and Hamilton third.
There was also a special award given to Harvey Weinstein, who has ruled out of running for the main award on the grounds that it is possible that Weinstein may take "Dick of the Year" as a compliment.
Weinstein was given the "Steaming Turd" award for "lifetime achievement".
2018 followed a similar format to the previous year, with nominees selected by viewers and three from the hosts.
The nominees were Theresa May, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Piers Morgan, Adam's wildcard Boris Johnson, Josh's wildcard Steve Smith, and Alex's wildcard Thanos.
Rees-Mogg was announced as the winner, whilst Donald Trump was given a special award.
The theme music is an instrumental version of Public Enemy's "Harder Than You Think", which became the show's permanent theme after initially serving as the title music to the whole of Channel 4's 2012 Paralympic Games coverage.
The first and ninth series were broadcast daily at the end of the day's Paralympics coverage on Channel 4.
The second series was broadcast each Friday, with the show moving to Wednesday nights for its third series, before reverting to Friday nights for the fourth and fifth series.
In October 2012 it was announced that the show would return for a Christmas special titled "The Last Leg of the Year" and a second series, which began broadcasting in January 2013.
A third and fourth series followed in July 2013 and January 2014 (timed around the 2014 Winter Paralympics) respectively.
A fifth series started broadcasting in August 2014, followed by a sixth series in January 2015 and a seventh in June 2015.
After the seventh series, a special 2-part series entitled "The Last Leg Goes Down Under" was broadcast on 29 January and 5 February 2016, and preceded the start of series 8 on 12 February.
Starting from series 8, the show was given a brand new set.
On 25 March 2016, the show released the #renametheLastLeg hashtag on Twitter live on the set to allow viewers to choose a new name for the show.
The show brought the number of choices down to the four most popular ones and then they released a Twitter poll to change the name of the programme for next week's final episode of the series.
It later concluded that the poll received a total of 3,731 votes with the highest scoring programme name being 'Your Mum' with a 30% vote.
The last episode of the series aired on 1 April 2016 and was called "Your Mum".
During one 2016 Summer Paralympics episode on 14 September 2016, host Adam Hills announced that the show was to be renamed again, this time in Paralympic athlete Libby Clegg's honour.
The remainder of that show was called "The Fast Clegg".
The show aired a two-hour special entitled "Re-United Kingdom" dedicated to MP Jo Cox on 16 June 2017 (the anniversary of her death).
Featuring dozens of comedians and politicians, the show aimed to inspire the public to resolve animosity between people they had fallen out with.
Politicians appeared in pre-recorded skits where they were stuck in a lift with another politician they disliked, and found common ground; some members of the public who had resolved arguments with each other were shown in a hot tub together.
Adam Hills was quoted as saying "If the Paralympics is covered well, it can change the way Jim Davidson looks at and treats people with disabilities".
"The Daily Mirror" described "The Last Leg" as "a real success".
Colin Robertson for "The Sun" said that the show's success was down to the simple fact that you "can" joke about disability – you just need to know what you can say.
Veteran TV pundit Clive James said: "Taken as a whole, the Channel 4 coverage of the Paralympics was very good, but almost the best part of it was The Last Leg, the discussion show at the end of each day".
The programme provoked a discussion in the media about whether disability and comedy could work together on TV.
"The Independent" described it as "a high risk venture" saying that Hills "reminds us frequently that he has a prosthetic leg, giving him licence to crack jokes that most of us wouldn't dream of."
Frances Ryan, for "The Guardian", described it as "often tasteless, sometimes awkward, always funny".
Damon Rose for BBC News said that "Comedian Adam Hills' late night irreverent Para-chat show The Last Leg – a title reflecting Adam's lack of a segment of his lower limb – has taken mainstream viewers to dark and delightfully surprising places that only disability humour can go.
And it has given a sense of permission for regular viewers to talk openly about things they may previously have shied away from".
Brooker's 2015 interview with Nick Clegg for the programme was described by political journalist Hugo Rifkind as "a model of how to talk normally to a politician – and make them talk normally back".2012 Blu-express.com Tennis Cup – Singles
Carlos Berlocq was the defending champion but decided not to participate.<br>
Andrey Kuznetsov won the title, after Paolo Lorenzi retired after trailing 3–6, 0–2 in the final.The Poor-Whores Petition
The Whores' Petition (also known as The Poor Whores' Petition) was a satirical letter addressed from brothel owners and prostitutes affected by the Bawdy House Riots of 1668, to Lady Castlemaine, lover of King Charles II of England.
It requested that she come to the aid of her "sisters" and pay for the rebuilding of their property and livelihoods.
Addressed from madams such as Damaris Page and Elizabeth Cresswell, it sought to mock the perceived extravagance and licentiousness of Castlemaine and the royal court.
Starting on Shrove Tuesday 1668, widespread violence swept London in a period that would become known as the 'Bawdy House Riots'.
Apprentice boys and men burnt and smashed up brothels, including those owned by madams such as Damaris Page and Elizabeth Cresswell; the rioters assaulted the prostitutes and looted the properties.
Many thousand London apprentices could neither afford their prostitutes nor, due to their own working contracts, legally marry.
Some of the brothels were supported by the patronage of King Charles II were representative of Charles's continental Catholic-style court, awash with unaffordable debauchery.
Following the riot, a satirical petition began to circulate, addressed from Page and Cresswell and other London madams.
Written to Lady Castlemaine, the King's lover, notorious for her own wild promiscuity, the brothel owners requested that the aristocrat act on the behalf of her 'sisters' and repay the madams for the rebuilding of their brothels, funded by the national tax coffers.
They address Castlemaine as a prostitute herself, a great practitioner of "venereal pleasures", and list the sites of the brothels where her fellows struggle.
It is addressed as:
The Poor Whores' Petition to the most splendid, illustrious, serene and eminent Lady of Pleasure the Countess of Castlemayne &c: The humble petition of the undone company of poore distressed whores, bawds, pimps, and panders ...
Signed by us, Madam Cresswell and Damaris Page, in the behalf of our sisters and fellow sufferers (in this day of our calamity) in Dog and Bitch Yard, Lukenor’s Lane, Saffron Hill, Moorfields, Chiswell Street, Rosemary Lane, Nightingale Lane, Ratcliffe Highway, Well Close, East Smithfield etc.
Given her great experience in whoring, Lady Castlemaine would, they argued, be able to deeply sympathise with prostitutes across the city.
"Should your Eminency but once fall into these Rough hands", they wrote, "you may expect no more Favour than they have shewn unto us poor Inferiour Whores".
Some historians, such as Linnane, infer an active role of the addressers Page and Cresswell in the writing of the document.
Others such as Mowry and Turner suggest it is an organ of political ventriloquism on behalf of anonymous, radical dissenters; a "bogus work" and "pseudo-female".
The agenda of the Petition may be interpreted in varied ways.
It may taken as an anti-royalist work, lampooning Charles's court as "the great bawdy house at Whitehall", in Pepys's words.
Charles was suspected of being a practising Catholic; his wife, Catherine of Braganza and brother, heir to the throne, and the future James II, were openly so, and the family was close to the French royal court.
The work may be seen to mock this continental, Popish affiliation: In return for patronage, the writers offer to venerate Lady Castlemaine as their sister prostitutes in Rome and Venice venerated the Pope.
However, as historian James Grantham Turner underlines, there may have been no political agenda to the letter, as Castlemaine was already the target of court wits and city satire for her lascivious reputation.
The petition was a brazen act of transgressive, public satire and diarist Samuel Pepys noted that Castlemaine was "horribly vexed" by it.
He writes "the times are loose and come to a great disregard of the King or Court."
The letter itself was so finely tuned to the political dynamics of the day that though the printer was arrested, the court censor writes that "I can fasten nothing on "The Poor Whore's Petition" that a jury will take notice of."
The Petition caused a flurry of broadside satires, poems and ballads on the subject through the following year.
The historian James Turner terms this event as an example of a new carnivalisation of sexuality in Restoration England, where genuine political attack, satire, street commentary and bawdy theatre came together.
Many anonymous, satirical broadside responses to the Petition circulated in the London coffee houses.
They included four pamphlets entitled "The Gracious answer of the most illustrious lady of pleasure, the Countess of Castlem---- to the poor-whores petition"; "The Prentices' Answer to the Whores' Petition"; "The Most gracious answer of Dame Barbara CountesseofC to the peticion of undone, poore, and distressed company of Whores" and "The Citizen's Reply to the Whores' Petition and the Prentices' Answer".
Turner comments: "These broadsides were indeed printed, distributed, and enjoyed by the radical underground; by changing their style from fiery sermonizing to sexual mockery and ventriloquistic parody, anti-monarchist dissidents exploit the amphibiousness of festive-aggressive satire."
They represented further political ventriloquism, especially on behalf of lady Castlemaine.
Turner describes the transgressive satires as "mingling the political protest against absolutism and corruption with the misogynistic hatred of 'female' secrecy, passion, and influence.
Castlemaine becomes a figure of extravagance and carnivalesque theatricality, an embodiment of the kind of libertines and radicals in early modern London.Grewia oxyphylla
Grewia oxyphylla is an Australian species of flowering plant in the mallow family, Malvaceae.Cecil J. Shuttleworth
Cecil John Shuttleworth (March 24, 1892 – May 23, 1963) was an American prison administrator.
He was the first Associate Warden of Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary under James A. Johnston from 1934, both men were known for their strict discipline and known as "iron men".
A few years later he became associate warden of Leavenworth in Kansas and on January 1, 1942 became warden of the Prison Camps/Federal Correctional Institution, Milan in Michigan.Harunoyama Tatsunao
Harunoyama Tatsunao (born 2 August 1976 as Tatsunao Haruyama) is a former sumo wrestler from Toyota, Aichi, Japan.
He made his professional debut in March 1992 and reached the top division in March 2004.
His highest rank was "maegashira" 10.
Upon retirement from active competition he became an elder in the Japan Sumo Association, under the name Takenawa.
He left the Sumo Association in January 2008.Sqoop
Sqoop is a command-line interface application for transferring data between relational databases and Hadoop.
Sqoop supports incremental loads of a single table or a free form SQL query as well as saved jobs which can be run multiple times to import updates made to a database since the last import.
Imports can also be used to populate tables in Hive or HBase.
Exports can be used to put data from Hadoop into a relational database.
Sqoop got the name from "SQL-to-Hadoop".
Sqoop became a top-level Apache project in March 2012.
Informatica provides a Sqoop-based connector from version 10.1.
Pentaho provides open-source Sqoop based connector steps, "Sqoop Import" and "Sqoop Export", in their ETL suite Pentaho Data Integration since version 4.5 of the software.
Microsoft uses a Sqoop-based connector to help transfer data from Microsoft SQL Server databases to Hadoop.
Couchbase, Inc. also provides a Couchbase Server-Hadoop connector by means of Sqoop.Kyle Landas
Kyle Landas (born January 8, 1979 in Iowa City, Iowa ) is an American craftsperson who typically works in leather.
Landas has created album artwork for chart topping artists, their guitar straps and fashion pieces such as vests that Landas has created have been used in music videos, music awards and the Country Music Hall of Fame.
He has also created works of art for large corporations.
Landas was Zac Brown's (Zac Brown Band) personal leather artist from 2010 to 2012 and has created guitar straps and fine leather art for musicians such as Hank Williams, Jr., Brad Paisley, Jerrod Niemann, and Willie Nelson.
Landas is an amateur artist with no formal training.
Originally a bricklayer by profession, he turned to leather work when a painful condition meant he could no longer do heavy work.Nichi Bei Times
The Nichi Bei Times (日米タイムズ "Nichi Bei Taimuzu") was a Japanese American newspaper headquartered in San Francisco.
As of 2009 it was the oldest Japanese American newspaper in Northern California.
Historically the "Nichi Bei Times" was a daily bilingual English-Japanese newspaper, while from 2006 to 2009 it was published four times weekly, with Japanese editions on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays and English editions on Thursdays.
The paper was disestablished effective September 30, 2009.
Despite the closure of the printed newspaper Nichi Bei Foundation continues to publish news digitally on its website.
In 1899 , a newspaper seller, established the "Nichi Bei Shimbun" (日米新聞 "Nichi Bei Shinbun").
The Nichi Bei Foundation said that Kyutaro Abiko was "known to historians as the most influential Japanese immigrant to America," and that the newspaper was "the most influential Japanese American newspaper in the country prior to World War II."
The daily circulation peaked at 25,000 during the 1920s, and although it had dropped to 9,400 by 1941 the "Nichi Bei" remained more or less even with its competitors.
After Abiko's death in 1936, his wife Yonako took over the business, and in 1939 the "Nichi Bei" building and equipment were destroyed in a fire.
The company acquired a new location in 1940 but ceased operations less than two years later, when the newspaper was forced to close and the staff sent to World War II internment camps in April 1942.
After World War II several employees of the "Nichi Bei Shimbun" founded the "Nichi Bei Times", with William Yasuo Abiko, the son of Kyutaro and Yonako, heading the new business.
The first issue was published on May 18, 1946.
The "Nichi Bei Times" asked for donations to rebuild post-war Japan.
Justine Koo Drennan of New America Media said "Since then, the paper has consistently covered hate crimes and other news important to Japanese Americans that the mainstream media has neglected."
In 1998 Kenji G. Taguma, who by 2009 was the "Nichi Bei Times" vice president and editor of the English version, wrote a story that contributed to the gain of redress for families of miners and railroad workers who had been fired from their jobs after the Japanese military had attacked Pearl Harbor in 1941; the U.S. federal government had not included them in a 1988 redress act.
In 2006, in order to revive the newspaper's circulation, Taguma reduced subscription prices and rearranged the publishing days.
The paper was published in Japanese on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays and an English weekly version was published on Thursdays.
From 2006 newspaper revenues continued to fall.
In August 2009 the newspaper had a circulation base of 8,000 readers, primarily in Northern California.
Around that period the newspaper's lease of its facility was soon to expire.
In August 2009 the board of directors of the newspaper voted to close the newspaper, effective September 30, 2009.
Ken Abiko, the chairperson of the board and the grandson of Kyutaro Abiko, said that a reduction in advertisements and paper circulation were the primary factors behind the paper's close.
Around the period of the close of the paper, several employees of the "Nichi Bei Times" and some community members made plans to establish a nonprofit reincarnation of the newspaper, the Nichi Bei Foundation.
Kenji G. Taguma drew up plans for it.
Taguma said that he created the plans because, as paraphrased by Justine Koo Drennan of New America Media, "he believes the paper is an essential voice for Japanese Americans."
Taguma said "Today, I see the paper as the glue that holds the community together."
, the newspaper is published weekly.ESB Villeneuve-d'Ascq
ESB Villeneuve-d'Ascq is a French women's basketball club from Villeneuve-d'Ascq playing in the Ligue Féminine de Basketball since 2000.
Trainer : Frédéric Dussart.Curtiss &amp; Bright
Curtiss & Bright were developers in the Florida cities of Hialeah, Miami Springs and Opa-locka.
Aviation pioneer Glenn Curtiss formed many corporations; "Curtiss & Bright" refers to the partnership between Curtiss and James Bright.
A number of their works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:Aaron Robinson (composer)
Aaron Robinson is an American composer, conductor, and musicologist.
He is the author of "Does God Sing?
– A Musical Journey".
He created the musical work "Black Nativity – In Concert: A Gospel Celebration".
He also served as conductor and musical director in the PBS documentary "On This Island".
In 2013, he was nominated for an Emmy Award for composing Maine Public Broadcasting Network's "Maine Arts" series theme music.
Robinson attended Medomak Valley High School in Waldoboro, Maine.
At 16 years of age—a self-taught musician who never took piano lessons—he became the organist at both the Broad Cove Community Church in Cushing and the Friendship United Methodist Church.
By his late teens, he was creating, performing and producing concerts and theatrical productions, including the musical "Moody Blue" for which he wrote both the music and lyrics.
According to a 2013 interview, Robinson studied composition and piano performance at the Boston Conservatory of Music with composer John Adams and Lawrence Thomas Bell, as well as film scoring with John Williams at the Berklee School of Music; but chose not to graduate with a degree.
Instead, Robinson "went out and lived the life of music," as he said in a 2017 interview.
In 2001, he became organist and choirmaster for “Music at Immanuel” at the Immanuel Baptist Church in Portland, Maine.
In 2009, he retired from public performing due to illness.
During which time Robinson wrote the memoir, "Does God Sing – A Musical Journey".
It reached #5 on the Barnes & Nobles best-sellers non-fiction paperback list for March 2013.
Robinson lives on the coast of Maine with his wife and son.
Robinson has conducted works for the concert and theatrical stage, including Leonard Bernstein's "Candide – The Concert Version".
In 1997, Robinson conducted "Treemonisha: The Concert Version" by ragtime composer Scott Joplin at the Rockport Opera House in Rockport, Maine, with a new libretto by Judith Kurtz Bogdanove.
In 2001, he orchestrated, arranged, and conducted the musical "Islands", which was produced on Broadway at the New Victory Theater by John Wulp, with music and lyrics by Cidny Bullens.
Robinson conducted the world premiere performance of his "Black Nativity – In Concert: A Gospel Celebration" in 2001 at the Immanuel Baptist Church.
The concert version recreated the original performance of Langston Hughes's Gospel Song-Play Black Nativity that opened in 1961 at the 41st Street Theatre in New York City.
In 2004, the documentary film "Black Nativity – In Concert: A Gospel Celebration" was made about the world premiere performance, production, and creation under the direction of Robinson with the original cast.
In December 2013, Robinson collaborated with Dr. Anthony Antolini and the Bowdoin College Chorus and Down East Singers to mount a revised version of his 2004 creation.
Robinson composed "An American Requiem", which had its New England Premiere under the direction of Dr. Robert Russell and the USM Chorale.
He also wrote “Driving Old Memories” with his father Ervin Robinson, and the country song “Momma Never Had Life Easy – So She Made Life Easy for Me”.
In 2012 he wrote the music for the independent documentary "In the Shadows of Grey Gardens" In an article entitled “Robinson and Ragtime”, David Welker called him “one of today’s leading proponents of early jazz and ragtime music”.
He is perhaps best known for his composition “The New England Ragtime Suite” for piano.
In 2014, the opening of Maine Public Broadcasting’s “Maine Arts!” Series received an Emmy Award at the 36th annual New England Emmy Awards for which Robinson contributed the series’ theme music and was nominated for a separate Emmy Award.
Robinson composed the Maine-based musical, "The Legend of Jim Cullen - A Dramatic Musical", which received its world premiere at the Heartwood Regional Theater Company in the summer of 2014.
In May 2017, Robinson premiered two choral works in Studzinski Hall at Bowdoin College: "Requiem For a New World" and "This Will Be Our Reply To Violence" with words by Leonard Bernstein.
With a famous line taken from an address Bernstein gave a few days after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, according to a 2017 interview, it was the first time the Bernstein Estate had ever granted a composer the rights to set the words to music.
It was performed later that year by the Vox Nova Chamber Choir.
Robinson received acclaim for his compositions from Maine's Senators Angus King and Susan Collins, who remarked: "With the scourge of violence unabated in our times, we all must increase our devotion to the highest ideals of humanity.
Through your remarkable career as a composer, performer, and author, you are helping to elevate our nation as you bring distinction to our great state of Maine.”Jacques Pic
Jacques Pic (October 31, 1932 – September 19, 1992) was a French chef best known for being head chef at his three Michelin starred restaurant Maison Pic in Valence, Drôme, France.
He was the son of chef Andre Pic, and the father of chefs Alain and Anne-Sophie Pic.
Jacques was the son of Andre Pic, a chef who worked at his family's restaurant Des Pins in the hills above Valence, Drôme.
The restaurant was moved into the town to become Maison Pic when Jacques was two years old, and won three Michelin stars by the time he was seven.
Jacques saw the impact the work was having on his father's health and decided that he did not want to become a chef, and instead aimed to become a car mechanic.
The restaurant lost its third star in 1946, but after it lost its second star in 1950 and seeing that his father had no successor to take over from him, Jacques decided to train as a chef in order to take over at the restaurant and earn back those stars for his father and his family.
As his father Andre was held in high esteem, Jacques applied to work in the kitchens of Fernand Point and Alexandre Dumaine, who were considered his father's equals in the kitchen.
Both chefs turned down Jacques' application.
He instead travelled to Geneva, Switzerland, and to a variety of towns and cities in France, picking up culinary skills on the way.
During his French national service, he was sent to Algeria.
Upon returning to Maison Pic, he introduced an eight course tasting menu, becoming one of the first chefs in the nouvelle cuisine movement to expand upon the traditional three course meal.
In 1959, he won back the second Michelin star for the restaurant and restored the third in 1973.
His father died in 1983, seeing those stars returned to the restaurant and kept.
On 19 September 1992, Jacques Pic died from a heart attack at the age of 59 whilst working at the stove at Maison Pic.
His son Alain succeeded him as head chef.
his daughter Anne-Sophie Pic is head chef of the family's restaurant.Yeniköy, Ödemiş
Yeniköy is a village in Ödemiş district of İzmir Province, Turkey.
It is at .
It is situated to the west of Ödemiş.
Distance to Ödemiş is and to İzmir is .
The population of Yeniköy was 1011. as of 2011.William Harrison (poet)
William Harrison (1685–1713) was an English poet and diplomat.
He was admitted scholar of Winchester College in 1698, coming from the neighbouring parish of St. Cross, aged 13.
In 1704, he was elected to a scholarship at New College, Oxford, and after two years of probation succeeded to a fellowship in 1706.
Joseph Addison became his friend, and obtained for him the post of governor to a son of the Duke of Queensberry at a salary of £40 a year.
With this and his fellowship, which he retained for his life, Harrison plunged into London society.
Harrison was recommended by Addison to Jonathan Swift, who took to him, by 1710.
When Richard Steele discontinued "The Tatler", a continuation by Harrison suggested itself to Henry St. John and Swift, who was however dubious.
The first number came out 13 January 1711; it ran in all to 52 numbers, twice a week, to 19 May 1711.
Between these dates, Swift introduced Harrison to St. John, who obtained for him the post of secretary to Lord Raby, the ambassador extraordinary at The Hague to arrange the treaty with France.
St. John gave him fifty guineas for the expenses of his journey, and on 20 April 1711 he set off for Holland.
In time, but after some trouble with the previous holder of the office, he became queen's secretary to the embassy at Utrecht, and in January 1713 returned to England with the barrier treaty.
It turned out that Harrison had no ready money; and he was attacked by fever and inflammation on his lungs.
Swift got thirty guineas for him, with an order on the treasury for £100, and removed him to Knightsbridge.
On 14 February 1713 Swift went to call on him; Harrison had died an hour before, with Edward Young.
Harrison's major poem was "Woodstock Park" (1706); It was printed in Robert Dodsley's "Collection".
The third ode of Horace, imitated by him as "To the Yacht which carried the Duke of Marlborough to Holland, 1707", is included in William Duncombe's "Horace", and several of his poetical pieces are inserted in Steele's "Poetical Miscellanies", 1714.
Most of his poems, except "Woodstock Park", were reprinted in John Nichols's "Collection".
The "Tatler" which he edited in 1711 was reprinted in duodecimo in 1712 and subsequent years as Steele's "Tatler", vol.
v. Some of the essays are reprinted in Nichols's edition of the "Tatler", vol.
vi.
A long letter written by Harrison from Utrecht to Swift on 16 December 1712 is in the latter's works, 1883 ed., xvi.
14–18.Harald (restaurant)
Harald is a chain of restaurants in Finland.
Currently the chain includes eight restaurants, in Helsinki, Jyväskylä, Kuopio, Lahti, Oulu, Tampere, Turku and Espoo.
The first restaurant was founded in Tampere in 1997.
The Harald restaurants are themed after the Viking age.
The menu, consisting mostly of meat and fish in various forms, accompanied with vegetables and sauces, is close to what the Vikings may have eaten, but slightly modified to suit the modern taste.
The interior and the outfits of the staff also have a Viking-era look.List of number-one Billboard Hot Tropical Songs of 2008
The "Billboard" Tropical Songs is a chart that ranks the best-performing tropical songs of the United States.
Published by "Billboard" magazine, the data are compiled by Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems based collectively on each single's weekly airplay.Kentucky State Thorobreds and Thorobrettes
The Kentucky State Thorobreds and Thorobrettes are the intercollegiate athletic teams that represent Kentucky State University, located in Frankfort, Kentucky, in NCAA Division II sports championships.
The Thorobreds and Thorobrettes are members of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.
KSU has been a member of the SIAC since 1997.
The Exum Center, the university's athletic and recreational complex, was named after William Exum, the first African-American varsity football player at the University of Wisconsin.
Exum was hired as head of KSU's Physical Education department in 1949, and later made head of the Athletics department.
He then became manager of the United States Track and Field teams at the 1972 and 1976 Olympics.
Exum retired from KSU in 1980.
Men's sports (7)
Women's sports (6)
In 1970-1972 the Thorobreds won three straight NAIA National Titles (1970, 1971, 1972).
As of 2017, they are still only the second team to do so, joining Tennessee State (1957, 1958, 1959).For Ellen
For Ellen is a 2012 American drama film written, produced and directed by So Yong Kim.
It stars Paul Dano, who also served as an executive producer.
Joby Taylor (Paul Dano) is a musician in the midst of a nasty divorce and a child custody battle.
He faces hard choices about his floundering music career and being a father.
The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 21, 2012, before being shown at the Berlin International Film Festival on February 12, 2012.
It was released in the US for a limited theatrically run on September 5, 2012 and nationwide through VOD on September 19, 2012.
It holds a 66% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 35 reviews, with an average rating of 6.2/10.
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times", who gave the film three and a half out of four stars, praised Dano's acting, and wrote, "This performance, unlike anything Paul Dano has ever done, must have required some courage".Cycling at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Mixed road team relay
The Mixed team relay cycling event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on September 8 at Brands Hatch.
The event consisted of riders in classes H1-4.
Seven national teams competed.
The race length was 18 km.
"LAP"=LappedChief Singer
Chief Singer (19 March 1981 – 2000) was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In a racing career which lasted from June 1983 until September 1984 he ran nine times and won four races.
The colt won the Group Three Coventry Stakes at Royal Ascot on his racecourse debut but ran disappointingly in his only other race as a two-year-old.
As a three-year-old he finished second to El Gran Senor in the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse and then completed a rare hat-trick of wins by taking the St. James's Palace Stakes at Ascot, the July Cup at Newmarket and the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood.
At the end of the season he retired to stud where he had limited success as a sire of winners.
Chief Singer was a dark brown, almost black horse standing 16.3 hands high with a white blaze and two white feet.
He was the best horse sired by Ballad Rock, an Irish sprinter whose best win came in the Greenlands Stakes.
At stud, Ballad Rock suffered from health problems which limited his fertility: Chief Singer was one of only ten foals he sired in 1981.
His dam, Principia, was a minor winner in France and a daughter of the 1967 Epsom Oaks winner Pia.
As a yearling Chief Singer was sent to the sales.
His unusual size did not appeal to prospective owners and he was bought for the relatively low price of 10,000 guineas by Jeff Smith.
The colt was sent into training with the former jockey Ron Sheather at his Park Lodge stable in Newmarket, Suffolk.
Chief Singer was the first major winner for his regular jockey Ray Cochrane.
Chief Singer never ran in a maiden race and was unusual in that his entire career was spent in Group Race company.
On his first racecourse appearance he was sent to Royal Ascot in June where he ran in the six furlong Coventry Stakes.
Shortly before the race, Sheather had matched the colt against a successful six-year-old handicapper named Teamwork in a trial gallop, and decided to send the colt straight to Ascot after he easily defeated his older rival despite meeting him at two stones worse than weight-for-age.
In the Coventry Stakes, Chief Singer started a 20/1 outsider in a field of fourteen runners.
Before the race Lester Piggott asked Cochrane how he expected to win on "that big black oaf".
Cochrane responded "take a good look at his face, because all you're going to see at the end is his arse".
Chief Singer started poorly and was left behind by his opponents but made up the lost ground, took the lead entering the final furlong, and drew away to win by four lengths.
Timeform praised his "extraordinary turn of foot" and called his victory a "scintillating display".
After the race, Jeff Smith reportedly received many large offers for the colt, but refused to sell.
A month later, Chief Singer started favourite for the July Stakes at Newmarket.
He pulled hard on the way to the start and fought his jockey's attempts to restrain him during the race before finishing fifth of the six runners behind Superlative.
After the race, Chief Singer's performances in training deteriorated sharply, with Shearer reporting that the horse seemed unable to even canter.
A succession of veterinary examinations failed to find any physical explanation and the colt did not race again in 1983.
On his first run as a three-year-old, Chief Singer was sent to contest the Group Three 2000 Guineas Trial Stakes over seven furlongs at Salisbury Racecourse in April.
Running for the first time in more than nine months he finished second of the seventeen runners beaten a length by Rousillon who was carrying five pounds less.
In May Chief Singer started a 20/1 outsider in a field of nine for the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket, with El Gran Senor being made the 15/8 favourite ahead of Lear Fan, Keen and Rainbow Quest in what was considered an unusually strong running of the classic.
After being last in the early stages he moved forward to take the lead approaching the final furlong but was immediately challenged by El Gran Senor.
The two colts quickly drew away from the rest of the field, with the favourite prevailing by one and a half lengths and Chief Singer finishing four lengths clear of Lear Fan in third.
In June, a year after his last win, Chief Singer returned to Royal Ascot for the St James's Palace Stakes (then a Group Two race) over one mile.
Starting the 85/40 favourite, Chief Singer again started slowly but moved up to fourth place entering the straight.
Cochrane sent him into the lead two furlongs out and the colt accelerated clear of the field to win by eight lengths from Keen and Kalim in a track record time of 1:38.90.
On his next appearance, Chief Singer ran in the July Cup, at that time the only all-aged Group One race in Europe over six furlongs, in which his opposition included the leading sprinters Habibti, Committed and Never So Bold.
Cochrane and Chief Singer were towards the rear of the field for the first half of the race before accelerating through a gap to take the lead a furlong from the finish.
He won by one and a half lengths from Never So Bold, with Committed third and Habibti sixth.
Only four horses appeared to oppose Chief Singer at Goodwood in early August when he attempted to become the second horse, after the Irish-trained Thatch in 1973 to win the one mile Sussex Stakes after winning the St James's Palace Stakes and the July Cup.
The race developed into a struggle between Chief Singer and Rousillon, the horse who had beaten him at Salisbury.
The closing stages were unusually rough, with Rousillon hanging to the right and bumping his rival several times, as Cochrane tried to challenge on the inside rail.
Cochrane had to resort to the whip to get the favourite to the post half a length ahead of his rival, with the pair finishing seven lengths clear of the rest.
After an enquiry by the racecourse stewards, Rousillon was disqualified from second and placed last with his jockey Greville Starkey, being found guilty of "reckless riding".
Sheather then moved Chief Singer up in distance for the Benson & Hedges Gold Cup over ten and a half furlongs at York.
The colt failed to reproduce his best form as he finished third behind the four-year-olds Cormorant Wood and Tolomeo, one place ahead of Sadler's Wells.
His apparent failure to stay led to plans to run him in the Champion Stakes being abandoned and he next appeared in the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes over one mile at Ascot in late September.
Chief Singer bolted on the way to the start and it took Cochrane some time to bring the horse under control.
When the race began he was left behind at the start and was never in contention at any stage, finishing tailed-off in last place behind Teleprompter.
He was then retired to stud with a valuation of £4.8 million.
In the official International Classification for 1983, Chief Singer was given a rating of 75, thirteen pounds below the top-rated two-year-old El Gran Senor.
In 1984, his rating of 92 was the highest for any British three-year-old and the fourth highest for any European horse behind El Gran Senor (98), Teenoso (95) and Sagace (93).
In the same year he was given a rating of 131 by the independent Timeform organisation, making him their top-rated sprint horse.
He was also the winner of the Gilbey European Champion Racehorse award, based on points accrued by performances in major races during the season.
Chief Singer stood as a stallion at the Side Hill stud at Newmarket and was later exported to stand at the Hauptgestut Graditz in Germany where he died in 2000.
The best of his offspring were the Listed flat race winner Alidiva and the successful National Hunt performer Chief's Song.
Alidiva, however, proved to be an exceptional broodmare, producing the Group One winners Sleepytime, Taipan (Preis von Europa, Premio Roma) and Ali-Royal (Sussex Stakes).Nova Era da Stronda
Nova Era da Stronda is the first studio album of the carioca group Bonde da Stronda released on August 9, 2009 by the label "Galerão Records".
Already containing some of the old hits of the duo as "Nossa Quimica", "XXT" among others.
On April 11, 2010 they released the video clip for the song "Playsson Raiz".
Later, on September 18, 2010 they released a video clip for the song "Mansão Thug Stronda", and currently spends more than 35 million hits on YouTube.Amin Shojaeian
Amin Shojaeian () is an Iranian Football Forward who currently plays for Fajr Sepasi.
He is elder brother of Dariush Shojaeian.
Shojaeian started his career with Fajr Sepasi in 2009.ŽRK Radnički Belgrade
ŽRK Radnički Belgrade (Serbian Cyrillic: Женски рукометни клуб Раднички Београд) is a women's handball club from Belgrade, Serbia.
Currently, ŽRK Radnički Belegrade competes in the Handball League of Serbia.
ŽRK Radnički Belegrade is the most successful Serbian women's handball club.Ibrahim Moro
Ibrahim Moro (born 10 November 1993) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder who plays for Hapoel Kfar Saba in the Israeli Premier League.
Moro moved from New Edubiase United to Swedish club AIK in August 2012.
On 23 December 2014, it was announced that Moro had requested a move and was acquired by FC Kairat of the Kazakhstan Premier League.
Moro was ruled out for the 2015 season on 28 March 2015, and as a result was removed from Kairat's Premier League squad.
On 1 September 2015 Moro cancelled his contract with FC Kairat, and signed a three-year contract with Adana Demirspor of the Turkish TFF First League.
Moro signed with Silkeborg IF in Denmark in August 2016.
He left the club by mutual termination on 17 January 2019.
On 9 July 2019 Moro signed the Israeli Premier League club Hapoel Kfar Saba.
He was selected as part of Ghana's preliminary squad for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations.2012–13 Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team
The 2012–13 Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team represented Duke University in the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
Returning as head coach was Hall of Famer Mike Krzyzewski.
The team played its home games at Cameron Indoor Stadium in Durham, North Carolina as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
They won the Battle 4 Atlantis tournament in the Bahamas, defeating Louisville in the championship game.
The Blue Devils posted four victories against top 5 opponents (at the time of the game) and were undefeated (16-0) at home.
Completing the season with 30 wins (and 6 losses; 14-4 in ACC play), Duke finished in second place in the ACC regular season standings.
Duke was ranked in the top 10 of the AP poll all season long, including five weeks at #1.
They lost in the quarterfinals of the ACC Tournament to Maryland and subsequently received a two seed in the 2013 NCAA Tournament.
They defeated Albany in the Round of 64, #22 Creighton in the Round of 32, and #9 Michigan State in the Sweet Sixteen to reach the Elite Eight.
Duke lost to #1 overall seed and eventual NCAA champion Louisville in the Elite Eight in Indianapolis who reversed the game result from the meeting earlier in the season.
Louisville later had the title vacated for a violation of NCAA rules.
!colspan=12 style="background:#00009C; color:#FFFFFF;"| Exhibition
!colspan=12 style="background:#00009C; color:#FFFFFF;"| Non-Conference Regular Season
!colspan=12 style="background:#00009C; color:#FFFFFF;"| ACC Regular Season
!colspan=12 style="background:#00009C; color:#FFFFFF;"| 2013 ACC Tournament
!colspan=12 style="background:#00009C; color:#FFFFFF;"| 2013 NCAA TournamentArthur M. Dollison
Arthur McConnell Dollison (October 19, 1909 – May 14, 1983) was an American prison administrator.
A graduate of Cambridge High School and Ohio Wesleyan University, he was the son of Frank Dollison, an editor of newspaper "The Daily Jeffersonian".
Dollison graduated from the university in 1933, and because of the Great Depression only found part-time work until 1938, when he became a guard at the U.S. Penitentiary in Leavenworth, Kansas.
After a stint in the U.S. Army during World War II, Dollison returned to the federal prison system, moved into industries and worked in prisons in Kentucky and Indiana.
In January 1954, he was transferred to the U.S. Penitentiary at Alcatraz, where he became the Superintendent of Industries in 1958.
Dollison worked on Alcatraz for nine years, eventually becoming the associate warden in late 1961, under Warden Olin G. Blackwell.
His was a controversial appointment, in part because his promotion from superintendent of industries to associate warden was unusual but also because the Bureau of Prisons ignored its former custom of promotions with transfer for training purposes.
During his term as Associate Warden, the iconic June 1962 dummy mask escape from Alcatraz occurred.
Mr. Dollison was Acting Warden while Mr. Blackwell was on vacation.
The three escapees, Frank Morris, Clarence and John Anglin, were never seen again.
Mr. Dollison was transferred to a Texas federal prison in December 1962 because Alcatraz was closing and retired three years later.
He died in 1982.
He was married for over 50 years to Evelyn E. O'Brien.
They had three children, Corinne Dollison Edwards, Philip Francis Dollison and Jolene Babyak.
Ms Babyak has written several books about Alcatraz, including, 1) Eyewitness on Alcatraz, 2) Birdman, the Many Faces of Robert Stroud, 3) Breaking the Rock, The Great Escape from Alcatraz, and 4) Alcatraz Most Wanted, under a pen name, Cory Kincade.
Although some of her source material included her father's papers, her books are also informed by interviews and prison documents.2012–13 Clemson Tigers men's basketball team
The 2012–13 Clemson Tigers men's basketball team represented Clemson University in the 2012–2013 college basketball season.
The Tigers, led by third year head coach Brad Brownell, played their home games at Littlejohn Coliseum and were members of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
They finished the season 13–18, 5–13 in ACC play to finish in 11th place.
They lost in the first round of the ACC Tournament to Florida State.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| ACC TournamentRichard J. Willard
Richard J. Willard was an American prison administrator.
Along with Arthur M. Dollison he was the last Associate Warden of Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary under Olin G. Blackwell from 1961 until the institution closed on March 21, 1963.
During his time as warden, he had also served as a caretaker at the prison.
He had been transferred previously from Federal Correctional Institution, Terminal Island.
During his time as warden at Alcatraz, he had dealt with a brief invasion of Sioux Indians in March 1964.Hamid Jokar
Hamid Jokar () is an Iranian Football Forward who currently plays for Fajr Sepasi.
Jokar started his career with Fajr Sepasi in 2010.
He moved to Gostaresh Foolad in the summer of 2014.Broodiness
Broodiness is the action or behavioral tendency to sit on a clutch of eggs to incubate them, often requiring the non-expression of many other behaviors including feeding and drinking.
Being broody has been defined as "Being in a state of readiness to brood eggs that is characterized by cessation of laying and by marked changes in behavior and physiology".
Broody birds often pluck feathers from their chest and abdomen, using them to cover the eggs.
As a consequence of this, they develop one or several patches of bare skin on the ventral surface.
These reddish, well-vascularized areas of skin are usually called brood patches, and improve heat transfer to the eggs.
Broodiness is usually associated with female birds, although males of some bird species become broody and some non-avian animals also show broodiness.
In wild birds, egg incubation is a normal and essential phase in the process of reproduction, and in many families of birds, e.g.
pigeons, the eggs are incubated by both male and female parents.
In all the species of phalaropes the males become broody rather than the female.
The females leave the nest after finishing laying to let the males incubate the eggs and take care of the young.
Male emus ("Dromaius novaehollandiae") become broody after their mates start laying, and begin to incubate the eggs before the laying period is complete.
A small number of atypical birds such as "Passeriformes" of the genus "Molothrus" (cowbirds) do not become broody but lay their eggs in the nests of other species for incubation, known as brood parasitism.
The Australian Brushturkey "(Alectura lathami)" also does not become broody, rather, it covers the eggs with a large mound of vegetable matter, which decomposes, keeping the eggs warm until hatching.
The Crab-plover, ("Dromas ardeola"), which lives on the coasts and islands of the Indian Ocean, lets its eggs incubate primarily by the heat of the sun, and will leave its nest unattended, occasionally for days at a time.
Broody hens can be recognized by their behaviour.
They sit firmly over the eggs, and when people approach or try to remove the eggs, threaten the person by erecting their feathers, emitting a characteristic sound like "clo-clo-clo" and will peck aggressively.
When broody, hens often temporarily cease eating or reduce their feed consumption.
Letting eggs accumulate in a relatively dark place near the floor often stimulates hens to become broody.
Placing artificial eggs into nests also stimulates broodiness.
Keeping hens in dark places with warm temperatures and in view of vocalising orphan chicks can induce broodiness, even in breeds that normally do not go broody.
Some environmental conditions stimulate broodiness.
In heavy breeds of chickens, warm weather tends to bring about broodiness.
Removing eggs each day, out of the sight of the hens, helps avoid broodiness not only in domestic poultry but also in some wild species in captivity.
This continued egg laying means more eggs are laid than would occur under natural conditions.
Poultry farming in battery cages also helps to avoid broodiness.
Because hens stop laying when they become broody, commercial poultry breeders perceive broodiness not as a normal physiological process, but as an impediment to egg and poultry meat production.
With domestication, it has become more profitable to incubate eggs artificially, while keeping hens in full egg production.
To help achieve this, there has been intense artificial selection for non-broodiness in commercial egg laying chickens and parent stock of poultry.
As a result of this artificial selection, broodiness has been reduced to very low levels in present-day breeds of commercial fowl, both among egg-laying and meat-producing breeds.
Broodiness is due to the secretion of the hormone prolactin by the anterior lobe of the hypophysis.
Prolactin injection in hens provokes egg laying to stop within a few days, vitellum reabsorption, ovary regression (hens only have a left ovary) and finally broodiness.
However, attempts to stop broodiness by the administration of several hormones have failed because this state, once evoked, requires time to revert.
Prolactin injections inhibit the production of gonadotropin hormone, a hormone that stimulates ovarian follicles which is produced in the frontal lobe of hypophysis.
Castrated males can go broody with baby chicks, showing that broodiness is not limited to females, however, castrated males do not incubate eggs.
Contrary to common opinion, the temperature of broody hens barely differs from that of laying hens.
Broody hens pluck feathers from their chest, using them to cover the eggs.
As a consequence of this, they develop one or several patches of bare skin on the ventral surface.
These reddish, well-vascularized areas of skin are usually called brood patches.
which improve heat transfer to the eggs.
Broodiness is more common in some chicken breeds than others, indicating that it is a heritable characteristic.
Breeds such as Cochin, Cornish and Silkie exhibit a tendency to broodiness, including brooding eggs from other species such as quails, pheasants, turkeys and geese.
In some breeds such as the White Leghorn, broodiness is extremely rare.
Some studies on crosses of chicken breeds point to the hypothesis of complementary genes acting on broodiness.
Other results point to the hypothesis of sex-linked genes, or, inheritance through the maternal chromosome.
Although these studies have been made on different breeds of chickens, their results are not contradictory.
There is common agreement that artificial selection for egg production succeeded in reducing the incidence of broody hens in chicken populations.
There is some evidence that non-avian dinosaurs also practiced brooding.
A specimen of the Mongolian oviraptorid "Citipati osmolskae" was discovered in a chicken-like brooding position in 1993, which may indicate that they had begun using an insulating layer of feathers to keep the eggs warm.
Several deinonychosaur and oviraptorosaur specimens have also been found preserved on top of their nests, likely brooding in a bird-like manner.
Lungless salamanders in the family "Plethodontidae" lay a small number of eggs in a cluster among damp leaf litter.
The female salamander often broods the eggs and in the genus "Ensatinas", she has been observed to coil around them and press her throat area against them, effectively massaging them with a mucous secretion.
The black mountain salamander mother broods her eggs, guarding them from predation as the larvae feed on the yolks of their eggs.
They eventually break their way out of the egg capsules and disperse.
Some species of Gymnophiona (caecilians, with long, cylindrical, limbless bodies) brood their eggs.
Most pythons coil around their egg-clutches and remain with them until they hatch.
A female python will not leave the eggs, except to occasionally bask in the sun or drink water.
She will even “shiver” to generate heat to incubate the eggs.
Some cichlid fish lay their eggs in the open, on rocks, leaves, or logs.
Male and female parents usually engage in differing brooding roles.
Most commonly, the male patrols the pair's territory and repels intruders, while females fan water over the eggs, removing the infertile and leading the fry while foraging.
However, both sexes are able to perform the full range of parenting behaviours.
Mouthbrooding, also known as oral incubation, refers to the care given by some groups of animals to fertilized eggs or their offspring by holding them in the mouth of the parent for extended periods of time.
Although it has been observed in a variety of animals, most mouthbrooders are fish.
The parent performing this behavior invariably feeds less often and afterwards will be underweight, requiring a period of feeding and restoring the depleted energy reserves.
Marsupial frogs are so-called because they possess a dorsal brood pouch.
In some species the eggs are fertilized on the female's lower back, and are inserted in her pouch with the aid of the male's toes.
The eggs remain in contact with the female's vascular tissue, which provides them oxygen.
Some animals have a common name that includes the word 'brood' or its derivatives, although it is arguable whether the animals show 'broodiness' per se.
For example, the female gastric-brooding frog ("Rheobatrachus sp.")
from Australia, now probably extinct, swallows her fertilized eggs, which then develop inside her stomach.
She ceases to feed and stops secreting stomach acid and the tadpoles rely on the yolks of the eggs for nourishment.
After six or seven weeks the mother opens her mouth wide and regurgitates the tadpoles which hop away from her mouth.
The Brooding sea anemone ("Epiactis prolifera") is a colonial hermaphrodite that fertilizes and incubates its eggs internally.
The motile larvae, after swimming out of the mouth, migrate down to the disk and become fixed there until they become little anemones, ready to move and feed independently.
In Darwin's Frog ("Rhinoderma darwinii"), the female lays about 30 eggs and then the male guards them for about two weeks, until they hatch.
The male then takes all the survivors and carries around the developing young in his vocal pouch.
When the tiny tadpoles have developed they hop out and swim away.
In this animal, the parents hold the hatched young rather than eggs in their mouths, so is arguably not showing 'broodiness'.Tamara Melenteva
Tamara Melenteva () is a Russian professor and author.
Melenteva is currently a Professor at Ruslanguage- Center for Russian Language Studies in Moscow, Russia.
Melenteva graduated from the Philology Department at Moscow State University specializing in teaching Russian as a foreign language and also has a degree in Neuropsychology and Psychology from Moscow State University.
Melenteva is the author of "Обучение иностранным языкам в свете функциональной асимметрии полушарий мозга (Methods of Teaching Foreign Languages in the Light of the Functional Asymmetry of the Hemispheres of the Brain)," "Use Your Brains Right," "The Vitruvius Formula," "Отзвуки былых Времен: Из Русской Бытовой Культуры (Echoes of Olden Times)," and "Непропавшие сюжеты.
Пособие по чтению для иностранцев, изучающих русский язык."
Melenteva's latest book, Echoes of Olden Times published in 2012, covers various topics in Russian history including the Mongol invasion of Rus', Russian church architecture, and Pushkin .Turkey men's national goalball team
Turkey men's national goalball team is the men's national team of Turkey.
It is governed by the Turkish Blind Sport Federation (), and takes part in international goalball competitions.
Turkey men's goalball national team, initially competing in the Group C, won the 2007 IBSA European Goalball Championships held in Antalya, Turkey, and was promoted to the Group B.
In 2011, the national team became runner-up at the IBSA European Championships in Assens, Denmark, and was promoted to the Group A.
The national team qualified for the first time at the Paralympics in 2012 Summer Paralympics and won the bronze medal defeating the team of Lithuania in the third place match.
The bronze medal winning squad at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, consisted of following players:Besim Kunić
Besim Kunić (born 13 February 1986) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays for Vendelsö IK as a midfielder.267th Chemical Company
The 267th Chemical Company was a military unit of the U.S. Army Chemical Corps responsible for the surety of chemical warfare agents dubbed "RED HAT" deployed to the Islands of Okinawa, Japan and subsequently Johnston Atoll in the Pacific Ocean.
A recently discovered Army document reveals that the true mission of the 267th Chemical Company was the operation of the Okinawa deployment site as part Project 112.
Project 112 was a 1960s biological warfare field test program that was conducted by the Deseret Test Center.
Okinawa is not listed as a test site under Project 112 by the U.S. Department of Defense.
On April 20, 1945, the 267th Chemical Service Platoon (SVC) was activated at Fort Richardson, Alaska, but the platoon was inactivated on Nov. 1 of the same year, primarily because of the end of World War II.
The platoon was re-designated on November 30, 1962, and activated on Okinawa on December 1, 1962, as 267th Chemical Platoon (SVC) with an authorized strength of 2 officers and 72 enlisted men.
The unit was assigned to U.S. Army Depot, Okinawa at Chibana.
According to a document outlining the units history that was re-discovered in 2012, the 267th Chemical Platoon (SVC) had the mission of operation of Site 2, U.S. Department of Defense Project 112 a top secret Cold War testing program which was aimed at both human, animal, and plant reaction to Biological Warfare.<br>
In a letter, sent March 26, 1966, by Capt.
Charles H. Vogeler, Commander of the Army Chemical Corps, responding to the commanding officer of the 196th Ordnance Battalion, the history of the 267th Chemical Platoon was outlined as follows:<br>
In compliance with para 6, 2nd [Logistical Command] Log Comd Bulletin, dated 11 March 1966, the following data is submitted.
ORGANIZATIONAL HISTORY - 267th Chemical Company:
The 267th Chemical Company was activated on Okinawa on 1 December 1962 as 267th Chemical Platoon (SVC).
Prior to assignment to Okinawa, key personnel attended an [on the job training] (OJT) depot operations course at Rocky Mountain Arsenal, Colorado.
The platoon leader; 1/Lt James D. Saunders, CmlC, along with thirty-five NCOs and EM [enlisted men] began establishing operating procedures for the newly activated unit.
The 267th Chemical Platoon (SVC) had the mission of operation of Site 2, DOD Project 112.
The Unit was assigned to the U.S. Army Ordnance Group, USARYIS [United States Army, Ryukyu Islands] and Unit personnel attached to Chibana Troop Headquarters for rations and billeting.
All Unit personnel were actively engaged in preparing RED HAT area, Site 2, for the receipt and storage of first increment items, YBA DOD Project 112.
A security officer, 1/Lt Samuel Negra, Inf, was assigned to the platoon.
First increment items, designated Code YBA arrived on Okinawa in May 1963.
Due to limited assigned personnel, the Platoon was augmented with Army and other Armed Forces personnel to assist in storage of these items.
Marine Corps personnel were utilized as security guards for the RED HAT Area.
Upon completion of storage of YBA items, normal duties were exercised in the Unit, pending arrival of second increment, YBB, items.
During the interim period between completion of YBA and arrival of YBB in May 1964, Unit Security Section was augmented with temporary duty personnel to function as security guards and sentry dog handlers.
Such personnel were usually assigned to the Unit for a ninety-day (90-day) day period.
Second increment items arrived on Okinawa in May 1964.
The platoon was again augmented with Army and other Armed Forces personnel to accomplish storage of these items.
Upon completion of storage of YBB items, the Platoon Leader was reassigned and replaced by 1/Lt Samuel Negra, Inf.
An additional officer 2/Lt Ronald Minkow, CmlC, was assigned as Storage Officer.
The platoon was reassigned to the U. S. Army Supply Services Command.
1/Lt Charles H. Vogeler, CmlC, was assigned to the platoon in February 1965 and assumed command shortly thereafter.
1st Lt. Willie D. Greene, CmlC, was assigned in April 1965.
Preparation was being made for the receipt of 3rd Increment, items, designated Code YBF, in May 1965.
Storage of YBF items was completed in August 1965.
The unit was reassigned to the U.S. Army Supply Maintenance Command in September 1965.
This command was redesignated U. S. Army Depot, Okinawa shortly thereafter with assignment, to the 2nd Logistical Command.
The 267th Chemical Platoon (SVC) was redesignated 267th Chemical Company, 16 November 1965, pursuant to U.S. Army Pacific General Order 323 (USARPAC GO #323).
Authorized strength was increased from two (2) officers and seventy-two (72) EM to four (4) officers and one hundred fifty-five (155) EM.
In January 1966, the Unit was assigned to the 196th Ord.
Bn.
(Ammo) (DS), which arrived on Okinawa in December, 1965.
[signed]
Charles H. Vogeler Capt, CmlC, Commanding
For its outstanding contributions to fulfillment of the 2d Logistics mission, the 267th Chemical Company was awarded the Meritorious Unit Citation for 18 military operations in Southeast Asia during the period of October 1965 to December 1966.
According to unit records obtained from the Chemical Corps museum, the 267th Chemical Company either deployed to Vietnam or supported operations there from February 1966 to August 1967 and from July 1, 1970, to December 31, 1971.
After a nerve gas leak in 1969 injured 23 members of the 267th and one civilian, the United States Government had directed the removal of all toxic gases from Okinawa, Japan.
The relocation mission brought about Operation Red Hat which was internationally publicized.
The removal operation of all chemical munitions from Okinawa resulted in the 1971 relocation of the chemical weapons and the redeployment of the 267th Chemical Company to Johnston Atoll in the Central Pacific during Operation Red Hat.
The cargo discharge from the USNS Private Francis X. McGraw (T-AK-241) at Johnston Island on September 21, 1971, completed the movement phase of Operation Red Hat, and the 276th Chemical Company commanded by Cpt.
Goforth, Cml Corps., completed its redeployment to Johnston Atoll on Sept. 27, 1971.
The unit replaced the USARHAW Provisional Detachment assigned to Johnston Atoll in Jun 1971 and commanded by 1Lt Darwyn Walker, Cml Corps, and two enlisted personnel who were assigned to prepare for the arrival of the company and munitions.
The Provisional Detachment had reported to Col. Gill, Commander, USARHAW Munitions Division.
1Lt Walker joined the 267th Chemical Company upon its arrival as the Executive Officer and became the Operations Officer for the Red Hat Munition Depot.
For receiving and storing the munitions, the 267th Chemical Company was augmented with two Terminal Service Companies from Fort Eustis, a Technical Escort Detachment from Edgewood Arsenal and a hard hat Navy salvage vessel which included Navy EOD personnel.
Receiving, inventorying, and storage operations were conducted daily for 90 consecutive days.
For outstanding execution of Operation Red Hat, members of the 267th Chemical Company were commended by General Westmoreland, General Rossen, Lieutenant General Lambert, Major General Hayes, and Major General Pennington when the unit was awarded its second Meritorious Unit Commendation.
Numerous reorganizations and authorized strength changes took place between September 27, 1971, when the unit arrived at Johnston Island and late 1979 during a time when the unit was assigned between the U.S. Army, Pacific, Forces Command, and Western Command.
A May 1975 letter to a member of the 267th Chemical Company from his Commander notes that the primary mission on Johnston Island consisted of maintaining a forty-one acre chemical munitions storage area, called Red Hat, having forty-three storage structures containing about 13,000 tons of munitions.
A Johnston Atoll orientation packet from the same time period explains that the mission of the 267th Chemical Company, noted to also be known as "Red Hat," was to provide for the storage, maintenance, security, issuance, and surveillance of chemical munitions.
In 1976 the company came under the 45th General Support Group.
In October 1983, the 267th Chemical Company was re-designated under the Johnston Island Chemical Activity.
This re-designation included the assignment of a platoon of Military Police for security.
On November 9, 1984, the Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, General Maxwell Thurman, visited Johnston Atoll and initiated significant changes to the structure of the organization.
On July 8, 1985, Johnston Island Chemical Activity became the United States Army Chemical Activity, Western Command, a major subordinate command of Western Command.
The change included the reorganization of the chemical activity at Johnston island into three components called the Military Police Company (MPC) to provide physical security for toxic chemical munitions and facilities located on Johnston Island Atoll, and on order, conduct island defense; the Headquarters / Headquarters Detachment (HHD) to provide administrative support including personnel and budget management, logistical support, chemical surety matters, personnel security, training management, treaty compliance and on order, support the deployment of a response force for personnel decontamination operations in the Pacific area of response; and the Chemical Ammunition Support Division (CASD) to handle the poison munitions.
Subsequently, on August 30, 1990, the activity was renamed the U.S. Army Chemical Activity, Pacific (USACAP) to coincide with the re-designation of U.S. Army, Pacific Command.
Worldwide attention was focused on Johnston Atoll that same year, when chemical munitions were moved from West Germany, under the code name Operation Steel Box."
During the period of June 1990 to June 1991, USACAP had assisted in the start-up of the Johnston Atoll Chemical Agent Disposal System (JACADS), the transfer of retrograde of chemical munitions from Germany during Operation Steel Box, and the recovery of chemical munitions from the Solomon Islands in Operation Kalama Express.
These events resulted in the unit receiving the U.S. Army Superior Unit Award on July 20, 1992, from the Secretary of the Army.
In October 1993 the Department of the Army’s Environmental Support Group noted that the mission of the 267th Chemical Company on Johnston Atoll was overseeing the "storage, safeguard, maintenance, and security for ready to issue chemical agents;" rabbits were used as "live monitors" and "VX" rockets were assigned to the island.
On November 1, 1994, USACAP reorganized by combining the HHC and CASD into one unit called the Chemical Ammunition Company (CAC).
On November 29, 2000, the last of the chemical weapons at JACADS was disposed of.
The last disposal operation destroyed more than 13,000 VX filled land mines.
The island had held over 400,000 rockets, projectiles, bombs, mortars, containers and mines.
The U.S. Army Chemical Activity Pacific (USACAP) was deactivated during a Chemical Surety Decertification ceremony on Johnston Island held on April 11, 2001.
The ceremony signaled the completion of 30 years of guarding America's cache of chemical weapons in the Pacific.
The chemical unit and its predecessor's sole mission had been to guard chemical weapons shipped from Okinawa beginning in 1971.
Two years after the last chemical weapons on Johnston Atoll at were destroyed, the Army submitted the plan to dismantle the JACADS facility which the United States Environmental Protection Agency approved in September 2002.
Demolition on the facility, home to the incinerators, laboratories and control rooms, took place from August–October 2003, and by November 2003, all infrastructure had been removed from the Atoll.
A plaque dedicated to JACADS personnel was placed on Johnston Island at that time.
By 2001 the 267th Chemical Company was stationed at Camp Carroll in Waegwan, South Korea and assigned to the 23rd Chemical Battalion as part of 19th Theater Support Command (Provisional).
The unit was charged with decontaminating personnel and equipment in the aftermath of a potential North Korean chemical attack.
On June 24, 2004, the 23d Chemical Battalion was ordered to inactivate the 267th Chemical Company.
The 23rd Chemical Battalion was then reassigned to Fort Lewis, Washington in late 2004.Wakatsutomu Hiroki
Wakatsutomu Hiroki (born 13 February 1973 as Hiroki Nakao) is a former sumo wrestler from Ichikawa, Chiba, Japan.
He made his professional debut in November 1995 and reached the top division in May 2001.
His highest rank was "maegashira" 12.
He retired from the sumo world in July 2006.Merry Christmas, Alex Cross
Merry Christmas, Alex Cross is the 19th novel in the Alex Cross series.
Detective Alex Cross is called out on Christmas Eve to deal with a hostage situation that has spiraled out of control.
Released on November 12, 2012, the novel was well received by fans and critics alike.
However, its commercial success was somewhat lukewarm in comparison to past installments, peaking at #2 and #3 on the "New York Times" and "USA Today" bestsellers lists, respectively.
It's Christmas Eve and Alex Cross has been called out to catch someone who is robbing his church's poor box.
That mission behind him, Alex returns to celebrate with Nana, Bree, and his children.
The tree decorating is barely underway before his phone rings – a horrific hostage situation is spiraling out of control.
Away from his family on the most precious of days, he must call upon every ounce of training, creativity, and daring to save another family.
Alex risks everything – and may not make it to the most sacred of days.
Hala, from the previous novel, will return as the main antagonist.
"Merry Christmas, Alex Cross" is followed by "Alex Cross, Run" and "Cross My Heart".
"Alex Cross, Run" was released February 18, 2013 in Hardcover while paperback edition was released July 30, 2013.
"Cross My Heart" will be released initially in Hardcover on November 25, 2013.
The book is the nineteenth novel of the series, and was released on November 12, 2012.
However, in some countries, the book was released in late 2011.
The book's first 18 chapters can be read at multiple websites, including Patterson's own website: JamesPatterson.com.
The paperback edition of Merry Christmas is expected to be released in 2014.
The book is a direct sequel to "Kill Alex Cross", with a similar plot – featuring Hala from the previous installment – but does feature new characters, new elements, and a few other story lines.
Subsequently, the book was released to mixed to positive reviews.
Many fans were critical of the previous installment but nevertheless, mostly all "loyal" fans read the new "one."
The book's sequel, "Alex Cross, Run" was initially set for a September 2013 release date.
However, near the end of 2012 – in December – the book was set for a new release date.
Its new release of February 18, 2013 was confirmed by author James Patterson at his own official website.
The new book's first two chapters can be read at the official website.
The first 20 chapters may be released at Patterson's web site as well.
The book has received mixed to positive reviews.
Many have criticized its length – 101 pages in paperback.
One review stated "Good book, but for no precise villain, it still has potential."
"The New York Times" opined, "one of the best Christmas books ever!
It definitely makes up for its overarching-storyline prequel."
James Astrect said, "I'm gonna confess, I hated "Kill Alex Cross", but "Merry Christmas" was astonishing ...
I could not stop reading."
"Merry Christmas, Alex Cross" remained on the New York Times Bestseller List for several weeks, with "" and "The Mark of Athena" challenging it for #1.Bad Education
Bad Education may refer to:Live!
with Regis and Kelly (season 24)
This is a list of "Live!
with Regis and Kelly" and "Live!
with Kelly" episodes which were broadcast during the show's 24th season.
The list is ordered by air date.
Although the co-hosts may have read a couple of emails during the broadcast, it does not necessarily count as an ""Inbox"" segment.Battle of Jabassi
The Battle of Jabassi or Battle of Yabassi was a pair of assaults on German positions at Jabassi on the Wuri river during the Kamerun Campaign of World War I between German and British forces on 7 and 14 October 1914.
The action resulted in British victory and their occupation of the station.
Allied landings at Douala and Victoria on 27 September, under the command of Major General C. M. Dobell, met little resistance.
German forces who had been occupying the coast had withdrawn along the northern railway to Dschang, along the Wuri River to Jabassi, and along the midland railway to Edea.
From these positions, the Allied commander feared the Germans could easily attack Douala.
Due to heavy rains, roads to Dachang, Jabassi, and Edea were washed out and impassable; however, Dobell felt that high water in the Wuri River made a boat-borne assault on Jabassi feasible.
Six companies of the West Africa Regiment, two from the 1st Nigerians, one from the Gold Coast Regiment, and about 100 Royal Navy sailors and marines were assigned to the task.
On 7 October, British forces under the command of Brigadier General Edmund Howard Gorges sailed up the Wuri river in barges with four field guns including a 6-pounder gun placed on a dredger.
They landed five kilometers away from Jabassi and marched their way through the jungle to the German entrenchments.
Once in the thick bush, British forces lost unity and coordination.
In open ground in front of German entrenchments, they came under intense machine gun fire which forced them to retreat back into the bush.
After regrouping they attempted to flank the German forces but failed, forcing them to once again retreat.
The order was given to withdraw back on the river to Duala.
The Germans lost four of the 26 Europeans at Jabassi.
The following week, on 14 October, the Wuri river was again high enough for another attempt to take Jabassi.
With two six-inch artillery pieces and reinforcements, British forces landed on both banks of the Wuri and advanced towards the German entrenchments, while General Gorges coordinated the assault from a boat.
This engagement was victorious for the British, capturing ten Europeans and the station.
This battle resulted in further German withdrawal into the mountainous interior of Kamerun.
It also gave more protection to the Allied landing forces at Douala and Victoria from a feared German counter-attack.Morkoka River
The Morkoka () is a river in Sakha Republic, Russia.
It is a right tributary of the Markha River.
It has a length of , and it has a basin size of .
The river sources from Lake Bayyttah and travels through the Vilyuiskaya Plateau.Hala, Syria
Hala () is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northeast of Damascus in the Qalamoun Mountains.
Nearby localities include Ma'loula and Yabroud to the northeast, Hosh Arab, Rankous and Assal al-Ward to the northeast and Jayroud and al-Qutayfah to the east.
According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Hala had a population of 3,921 in the 2004 census.Ihar Boki
Ihar Boki (; born 28 June 1994) is a visually impaired Belarusian Paralympic swimmer.
He competed at the 2012 and 2016 Paralympics and won 11 gold medals.
, he holds the S13 long course world records in 100, 200 and 400 metre freestyle, 50 and 100 metre backstroke and 200 metres individual medley events.
In 2018, he was named the World Disabled Male Swimmer of the Year by "Swimming World".RAF Hornby Hall
RAF Hornby Hall was a Royal Air Force satellite landing ground located near Brougham, east of Penrith, Cumbria and north west of Appleby-in-Westmorland, Cumbria, England.
The airfield was used by No.
22 Maintenance Unit RAF (MU) at RAF Silloth but changed to No.
12 MU at RAF Kirkbride.
The landing ground was also temporarily operated by No.
18 MU at RAF Dumfries sometime between July and September 1940.Shaun George
Shaun or Sean George may refer to:42nd Chess Olympiad
The 42nd Chess Olympiad (also known as the Baku Chess Olympiad), organised by the Fédération Internationale des Échecs (FIDE) and comprising an Open and Women's tournament, as well as several events designed to promote the game of chess, was held in Baku, Azerbaijan, from 1–14 September 2016.
It was the first time that the Chess Olympiad had been hosted in Azerbaijan, the birthplace of former world champion Garry Kasparov; however, Azerbaijan had previously hosted strong tournaments, including the annual Shamkir Chess super-tournament in memory of Vugar Gashimov (1986–2014) and the Chess World Cup 2015.
The total number of participants was 1,587, with 894 in the Open and 693 in the Women's event.
The number of registered teams was 180 from 175 countries in the Open section and 142 from 138 countries in the Women's section.
Both sections set team participation records.
Eritrea, Kosovo, and South Sudan competed in the tournament for the first time.
The venue of the Chess Olympiad was the Baku Crystal Hall.
The Chief Arbiter of the event was Azerbaijan's International Arbiter Faiq Hasanov.
The United States won the gold medal in the Open event for the first time since 1976 and for the sixth time overall, while China won their fifth gold medal in the Women's event and the first since 1994 after winning the silver medal in the last three Olympiads.
Ukrainian player Andrei Volokitin, who played as a reserve player, was the best individual player in the Open event with 8 out of 9 points (eight wins and one draw), with a performance rating of 2992.
Russian Valentina Gunina, playing on board two, was the best individual player in the Women's event with 8 out of 10 points (seven wins, two draws and one loss), with a performance rating of 2643.
The bidding procedure for the 42nd Chess Olympiad and the FIDE Congress in connection with a possible bid for the Chess World Cup 2015 was opened in December 2011.
Each city interested to host the event had to submit their bid to FIDE by 31 May 2012.
The bids were to guarantee that all necessary provisions in accordance with the Olympiad Regulations of the FIDE Handbook would be covered by the organiser, including articles 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 pertaining to the organising committee, finances, and provision of amenities and stipends, respectively.
Three cities submitted bids to host the event: Albena, Tallinn and Baku.
The final decision was made at the 83rd FIDE Congress in September 2012 in Istanbul.
Out of the three bidding cities, the applications of Albena and Tallinn were not accepted as they both failed to make presentations before the voting.
Thereafter, discussions started about Baku's nomination and two concerns were raised.
The first was the protest by the Armenian representatives against holding the Olympiad in Azerbaijan, who stated that the Armenian chess players would find it difficult to play in Baku, since the two nations were in armed conflict.
The second concern was related to the difficulties that the participants may have in obtaining a visa to enter the country.
In his speech during the congress, Azerbaijani Minister of Youth and Sports Azad Rahimov said that Armenian sportsmen had already visited Azerbaijan and participated in competitions, where they were provided with security guarantees that had been met, and no incident was ever recorded.
He also mentioned the victory of Russian Armenian boxer Misha Aloyan in the 2011 AIBA World Boxing Championships held in Baku as an example that Armenians can not only participate but also win.
With regard to the visa issue, Rahimov mentioned the positive experience with the Eurovision Song Contest 2012, where all participants received their visas on arrival at the airport without any problem.
He also added that the Armenian sportsmen will also get visas easily.
The next speaker was FIDE President Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, who suggested that the 42nd Chess Olympiad should take place in Baku and mentioned that there are four years for the Azerbaijani-Armenian conflict to be resolved before the event.
His proposal was supported by the delegates and the FIDE Congress awarded the Chess Olympiad 2016 to Baku, and the Chess World Cup 2015 for the year before.
The organising committee of the Chess Olympiad consisted of fourteen prominent Azerbaijani dignitaries.
Head of the committee was the First Deputy Prime Minister of Azerbaijan Yaqub Eyyubov, while the other members include the Minister of Youth and Sport Azad Rahimov, the Minister of Culture and Tourism Abulfas Garayev, the Minister of Healthcare Ogtay Shiraliyev, the Governor of the Central Bank Azerbaijan and President of the Azerbaijan Chess Federation Elman Rustamov, the Mayor of Baku Hajibala Abutalybov, the CEO of SOCAR Rovnag Abdullayev, the Minister of Foreign Affairs Elmar Mammadyarov, the Minister of Internal Affairs Ramil Usubov, the Minister of Finance Samir Sharifov, the Chairman of the State Customs Committee Aydin Aliyev, the Chief of the State Migration Service Firudin Nabiyev, the Vice-President of the Azerbaijan Chess Federation Mahir Mammadov, and the Vice-President of the Azerbaijan Chess Federation and Chief Arbiter of the 42nd Chess Olympiad Faiq Hasanov.
In addition to the organising committee, there was an operating committee of six members in charge of the preparations whose director was Mahir Mammadov.
In May 2016, the operating committee named three Azerbaijani artists as "Celebrity Ambassadors": the theatre producer Mushivq Abbasov, and the theatre actors Joshgun Rahimov and Rafael Isgandarov.
In July 2016, the Olympic gold-medal winning wrestler Farid Mansurov became the fourth celebrity ambassador.
The Chess Olympiad was initially planned to take place from 17 to 30 September 2016.
Nevertheless, the organisers have wished to change the dates of the Olympiad because of the school holidays and the availability of hotels.
On February 16, FIDE announced that the dates for the Olympiad have been moved to 1–14 September, while the dates for the 87th FIDE Congress to 4–14 September 2016.
FIDE have also approached the organisers of the World Youth Chess Championship in Khanty Mansiysk, who were able to change their dates to 20 September–4 October 2016, in order to avoid clash of dates.
On 18 February, the organisers of the Sinquefield Cup 2016 announced that the dates for their tournament had been moved to 4–16 August because of the rescheduling of the Olympiad.
The venue of the Chess Olympiad was the Baku Crystal Hall.
It was built in order to host the Eurovision Song Contest from 22 to 26 May 2012.
In late 2012, Jennifer Lopez, Shakira and Rihanna also performed concerts there.
In March 2014, the final four tournament of the 2013–14 CEV Women's Champions League took place in the hall.
In June 2015, it hosted the boxing, karate, taekwondo, fencing and volleyball events during the inaugural 2015 European Games.
The total area of the complex is 30,958 m, while the area of the arena is 10,964 m. Its height in the middle is 24 m. The arena is lit by 12,000 LED light points with a lighting rate of 850 lux at 1 m height.
The corridor around the arena is divided into two symmetrical parts with 15 entrances on each side, including 30 outside entrances.
Each sector has 2 transport access points (1 on each side), 10 arena entrances (5 on each side) and 16 tribune access points (8 on each side).
Along the corridor, there are 10 beverage facilities (5 in each sector), 18 catering facilities (9 in each sector), 2 first aid points (1 in each sector), 36 toilets (6 for men, 6 for women and 6 for persons with physical disabilities in each sector).
The hall has 12,000 seats but can accommodate 27,000 people.
The building has a crystalline shape and illuminated façade with numerous LED lights.
Its shape and façade are response to Azerbaijan's special request for the creation of a widely visible and visually effective landmark as a bridge between Asia and Europe that will be noticed in an international context.
The LED lights were upgraded to allow different dynamic lighting scenarios to appear in order to highlight the membrane façade and create moods appropriate for the different stages of the events.
The budget for the Olympiad was 13.3 million euros.
Some 6.8 million euros were set aside for the first-class accommodation for the players and delegates, while another 1 million euros went to the FIDE Commission for World Championships & Olympiads and intellectual rights.
The opening ceremony was held on 1 September in the National Gymnastics Arena.
The central area of the stage was slightly elevated and turned into a chessboard by lights from above.
The ceremony began with a performance presenting the theme "the sea: the source of life", which was followed by the anthems of Azerbaijan and FIDE.
Thereafter, the Head of the organising committee and the First Deputy Prime Minister of Azerbaijan Yaqub Eyyubov gave a speech.
Eyyubov spoke in Azeri and noted that the Chess Olympiad is the third-largest competition in the world.
He mentioned the great contribution of the president Ilham Aliyev and his father Heydar Aliyev to the sport successes of the host country, and then pointed out the great efforts that were done during the preparations for the Chess Olympiad.
Finally, Eyyubov confidently stated that everything was ready for a well-organised and enjoyable Olympiad that he promised to be one of the most memorable in chess history.
The next to speak was FIDE President Kirsan Ilyumzhnov, who welcomed all participants from the record-number of countries and extolled the great preparatory work of the organising committee.
He also expressed his belief in the success of the Chess Olympiad on the basis of Azerbaijan's experience in hosting important chess events combined with its remarkable infrastructure and beauty.
After their speeches, the President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev declared the 42nd Chess Olympiad open.
The ceremony continued with a welcoming video that featured famous chess players from around the world addressing the participants.
Then, there was a performance focusing of the connection between people and chess players, which included a waltz choreography as the centrepiece of the show.
It was followed by a graphical show at the elevated chessboard that combined folk and modern dance, and was supported by video art projected on the area around and behind the stage.
The show featured traditional carpet patterns and designs, embracing a dance group replaying the game of chaturanga.
The next part of the ceremony was the parade of nations with the presentation of flags.
Each appearance of a new flag on the screen was accompanied by a percussionist who showed up on the stage playing on nagara with the same flag as his drumhead.
The percussionists left the stage under the sound of an adaption of the song "We Are the World".
The final part of the ceremony was marked with the drawing of lots.
It was assisted by Vladimir Kramnik and Hou Yifan as the highest-rated players of the highest-ranked teams in the open and women's event, respectively, who joined the Chief Arbiter Faiq Hasanov for the drawing of colours.
The draw resulted in Hou picking the White pieces, meaning that all players in the women's section with odd board numbers (1 or 3) will be White in the first round; and Kramnik picking the Black pieces, meaning that all players in the open section with odd board numbers (1 or 3) will have the Black pieces in the opening round.
The opening ceremony ended with a song that was specially composed for the Chess Olympiad and was performed by popular Azerbaijani singers.
The number of registered teams set a record of 180 teams representing 175 countries, however 10 of these did not arrive so the actual participation was 170 teams.
The women's event was contested by 142 teams from 138 countries, leaving 38 teams from 37 countries participating in the open event only.
Ten FIDE Member Federations did not have teams at the Olympiad.
They include the triple champions (2006, 2008 and 2012) in the open event Armenia as well as Bhutan, Burundi, Cambodia, Comoros, Gabon, Laos, Nauru, Solomon Islands and East Timor.
The Netherlands Antilles, albeit a non-existing entity since 2010, were allowed to field teams under this name, because the Curaçao Chess Federation remains officially registered as representing the dissolved country in the FIDE Directory.
Eritrea, Kosovo, and South Sudan debuted at the Chess Olympiads.
Countries that had teams in the women's event for the first time were: Djibouti, Guam, Guyana, Maldives, Sierra Leone and Tanzania.
The tournament was played in a Swiss system format.
The time control for all games was 90 minutes per 40 moves with additional 30 minutes after the 40th move, while the increment was 30 seconds per move.
It was allowed for a player to offer a draw at any time during the game.
A total of 11 rounds were played, in which every team played with four of their players against another team.
Every team was allowed to nominate one reserve player.
Teams were ranked according to the match points won in every round.
In case of same number of match points by two or more teams, the tie-breaker was decided by applying: 1.
The Sonneborn-Berger system; 2.
Total game points scored; 3.
Sum of the match points of the opponents, excluding the lowest one.
The opening ceremony of the Chess Olympiad took place at 18:30 AZST () on 1 September and the closing ceremony took place at 19:30 AZST (UTC+5) on 13 September.
Tournament rounds started on 2 September and ended with the final round on 13 September.
All rounds started at 15:00 AZST (UTC+5), except for the final round which started at 11:00 AZST (UTC+5).
There was one rest day at the tournament, on 7 September after the fifth round.
In addition, the Captains' meeting took place at 20:30 AZST (UTC+5) on 1 September, and the Arbiters meeting at 10:00 AZST (UTC+5) on 2 September.
The open section of the tournament was contested by a record number of 180 teams representing 175 nations.
Azerbaijan, as host nation, fielded three teams, whilst the International Braille Chess Association (IBCA), the International Physically Disabled Chess Association (IPCA), and the International Chess Committee of the Deaf (ICCD) each provided one team.
The tournament featured eight out of the top ten players from the FIDE rating list published in August 2016; only former World Champion Vishwanathan Anand and Levon Aronian were missing the Olympiad.
Among the players who were playing in the open section were the World Champion and highest rated player in the world Magnus Carlsen, the challenger in the World Chess Championship 2016 Sergey Karjakin as well as the former World Champions Vladimir Kramnik and Veselin Topalov.
Grandmaster Eugenio Torre was in the line-up of the Philippines for the record twenty-third time, having played on each Chess Olympiad since 1970 except in Dresden in 2008.
On the other hand, Ukraine were weaker for missing Vassily Ivanchuk, who did not play for the first time after 14 consecutive Olympiads (1988–2014) and 13 appearances on board one (1990–2014).
The former World Champion Challenger and leader of the Israeli team in 8 consecutive Olympiads (2000–2014) Boris Gelfand was also missing the Olympiad following a conflict with the Israeli Chess Federation management.
The strongest team of the tournament was Russia, with an average rating of 2760.
Captained by the president of the Russian Chess Federation and FIDE Vice President Andrey Filatov, the team consisted of the World Champion Challenger Sergey Karjakin, Vladimir Kramnik, Alexander Grischuk, Evgeny Tomashevsky and Ian Nepomniachtchi.
Eight-time Russian Champion and the fourth highest ranked Russian player Peter Svidler was not included in the team.
The United States were the second strongest team with three top ten players, Fabiano Caruana, Hikaru Nakamura and Wesley So, along with Samuel Shankland and Ray Robson.
So and Shankland had proven prior to the Olympiad that they were in good form after winning the Sinquefield Cup 2016 and the Biel Chess Festival 2016, respectively.
The defending champions China was the third-ranking team, and the only team besides Russia whose all players have ratings higher than 2700.
They participated with the same line-up that won the gold medal except for Ni Hua who was replaced by Li Chao.
The first team of the three that represented the host country Azerbaijan was the fourth strongest and completed the group with an average rating exceeding 2700 points.
The only change in their line-up from the previous Chess Olympiad was Arkadij Naiditsch, a board one player for Germany in four previous Olympiads, who replaced Gadir Guseinov.
The United States won the gold medal in the Open event for the first time since 1976, and for the sixth time overall.
They scored nine wins and two draws for a total of 20 match points, and thereby finished as one of only two teams that remained unbeaten in the open event (the other being Greece).
Ukraine scored 20 match points (ten wins and one loss) as well, but lost the tie-breaker, to secure the silver medal.
Russia, favourites before the tournament, finished in third place with 18 match points, winning the bronze medals.
China, the defending champions, scored 15 match points, and occupied the 13th place in the final standings.
Norway, led by the world champion Magnus Carlsen, ended the tournament in fifth place, which is their best result ever at the Chess Olympiads; they had only finished in the top 20 on one previous occasion.
Teams that had a disappointing result other than China include Azerbaijan (the fourth seed) in 12th place, Spain in 31st place, the Netherlands in 36th place, and Germany in 37th place.
Andrei Volokitin of Ukraine, playing as a reserve player, won the individual gold medal overall, scoring 8 out of 9 (eight wins and a draw) with a rating performance of 2992.
The other gold medalists include: Baadur Jobava of Georgia on board one with a total score of 8 out of 10 and a rating performance of 2926, Vladimir Kramnik of Russia on board two who scored 6 out of 8 with a rating performance of 2903, Wesley So of the United States on board three with 8 out of 10 and a rating performance of 2896, and Laurent Fressinet of France who scored 7 out of 8 with a rating performance of 2809.
However, the best point scorer in the Open section was 64-year old Eugenio Torre who played in his record 23rd Olympiad, and scored 10 out of 11 with a rating performance of 2836 and the bronze medal on board three.
Peter Svidler called his achievement "frankly beyond belief" and said of him:
I wanted to speak a little about people who impressed the most, and somehow I kept on ignoring his performances in my previous two banters during this Olympiad, which is ridiculous, but I think pride of place goes to Eugenio Torre.
You probably know who he is, and you probably have read about his results by now, but what he achieved during this Olympiad is absolutely tremendous.
He is by no means a young man by now and he ... played a tremendous level of opposition.
The Philippines are a decently strong team and they played very, very decent opposition almost throughout the tournament.
The result Eugenio showed in this event is absolutely fantastic.
All board prizes were given out according to performance ratings for players who have played at least eight games at the tournament.
Andrei Volokitin as a reserve player had the best performance of all players in the tournament:
The Women's event was contested a record number of 142 teams representing 138 nations.
Azerbaijan, as host nation, fielded three teams, whilst the International Physically Disabled Chess Association (IPCA) and the International Chess Committee of the Deaf (ICCD) each provided one team.
Eight of the top ten players from the FIDE women's rating list published in August 2016 were playing in the women's event with only India's Humpy Koneru and Russia's Kateryna Lagno not playing.
The current Women's World Champion and highest rated woman Hou Yifan was playing on board one for China, while former Women's World Champions Antoaneta Stefanova, Alexandra Kosteniuk, Anna Ushenina and Mariya Muzychuk were also part of their national teams.
The top seed in the women's event were China with an average rating of 2528.
They were led by the Women's World Champion Hou Yifan on board one, along with Zhao Xue, Ju Wenjun, Tan Zhongyi and Guo Qi.
The reigning champions Russia have the second highest average rating.
They were led by Alexandra Kosteniuk and were playing with the same players as in the previous Olympiad, where the only difference was the induction of Aleksandra Goryachkina instead of the absent Kateryna Lagno.
Ukraine and Georgia were the other two teams with average rating higher than 2400.
The Ukrainian team consisted of most Grandmasters (four) and Women's World Champions (two), and included both Anna and Mariya Muzychuk playing on the top two boards, Anna Ushenina, Natalia Zhukova and Inna Gaponenko.
Georgia were led by the best individual player in the women's event of the Chess Olympiad in Tromsø in 2014 Nana Dzagnidze, and also had Lela Javakhishvili, Nino Batsiashvili, Bela Khotenashvili and Salome Melia on the team.
China won their fifth gold medal in the women's event and the first since 2004 after winning the silver medal in the last three Olympiads.
They scored 20 match points with nine wins and two draws, finishing three points ahead of Poland and Ukraine who scored 17 match points each.
Poland won the silver medal after winning the tie-breaker with Ukraine.
The defending champions from the previous three Olympiads Russia finished without a medal on the fourth place after losing the decisive match for the gold medal against China in the final round.
Vietnam, Azerbaijan and Israel have all surprised positively, finishing on the seventh, eighth and the ninth place, respectively.
The teams that disappointed with their place in the final standings include Georgia, Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania, Germany, Spain and Turkey.
Valentina Gunina of Russia, playing on board two, won the individual gold medal overall with a score of 8 out of 10 (seven wins, one loss and two draws) and a rating performance of 2643.
On the other boards, the gold medals were won by Anna Muzychuk of Ukraine on board one with 7 out of 10 and a rating performance of 2629, Gulnar Mammadova of Azerbaijan on board three who scored 7 out of 9 with a rating performance of 2559, Tan Zhongyi of China on board four with 9 out of 11 and a rating performance of 2505, and Guo Qi of China as a reserve player who scored 5 out of 8 with a rating performance of 2394.
All board prizes were given out according to performance ratings for players who have played at least eight games at the tournament.
Valentina Gunina on the second board had the best performance of all players in the tournament:
The Nona Gaprindashvili Trophy, created by FIDE in 1997 and named after the former women's World Champion (1961–78), was awarded to Ukraine, having scored the highest total number of match points in the open and women's events combined.
The 87th FIDE Congress took place during the Olympiad, specifically from 4 to 14 September; the General Assembly was held from 11 to 13 September 2016.
During the meetings held from 6 to 8 September 2016, the FIDE Ethics Commission made a decision to suspend members of the former leadership of the European Chess Union, including the former ECU President Silvio Danailov, former ECU General Secretary Sava Stoisavljević and former ECU Executive Director Vladimir Šakotić from holding any office or position within FIDE, from participating in any meeting of FIDE as delegate or another capacity, as well as representing any organisation in its relations with FIDE for 18 months, 6 months and 3 years, respectively.
The suspension, however, does not preclude Danailov from exercising his duty as president of the Bulgarian Chess Federation internally.
They were all found guilty for violating certain clauses of the FIDE's Code of Ethics.
In relation with the ECU's former leadership, there are criminal charges by special prosecutor against Šakotić in Montenegro as well as against the former president of the Serbian Chess Federation Miroslav Kopanja in Serbia and an investigation against the former Croatian Chess Federation leadership in Croatia.
The European Chess Union also voted 37–11 to suspend the membership of the Bulgarian Chess Federation.
The official logo for the 42nd Chess Olympiad was revealed during the closing ceremony of the Chess World Cup 2015 held in Baku on 5 October 2015.
It depicts the Baku Crystal Hall has with its unusual architecture in the shape of the so-called "Baku Crystal", which is a crystal shining during the night.
The official mascot was revealed on a press-conference dedicated to 100 days before the Chess Olympiad held in Baku on 25 May 2016.
The name of the mascot is "Chess Mate" and it represents a boy clad in a national dress.
The author of the mascot is Musa Changiev, whose suggestion was selected out of 600 received in the national competition launched by the Baku Chess Olympiad Operating Committee in March 2016.
Changiev explained that he started working on the mascot once he collected some information about the game and tried to "create an image of someone energetic and fond of thinking".
He came up with the image of a young chess player with black hair and brows that are typical for the Azerbaijani people.
The youngster wears glasses and is clad in a combination of national and modern features.
Changiev added that the king's gown in which the youngster is worn symbolises the King as an important chess piece as well as the kings in the history of Azerbaijan.
The gown is decorated with some Buta images and carpet patterns, which are traditional for the host country.
The youngster's shirt, trousers and shoes are the modern features.
The organisers of the 42nd Chess Olympiad have signed cooperation agreement with the following companies:
There were multiple side events that took place in order to promote the Chess Olympiad and the game of chess such as the operation of chess buses, 3D street art on chess topics, display of painted chess pieces, Chess Queen street performances, chess photography exhibitions, and parallel chess tournaments.
In August 2016, the Baku Chess Olympiad Operating Committee branded two double-decker buses of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism to operate in the city in the run-up and during the Olympiad.
They were officially launched in late August with a ceremony during which members of the Azerbaijani national team were playing chess inside.
The buses operated free of charge and took passengers to Baku's main sights.
The passengers have the chance to play chess inside the buses and obtain information about the Olympiad.
The buses ended operating on 14 September.
The Operating Committee invited the famous Ukrainian 3D street artist Alex Maksiov to create a 3D image dedicated to the 42nd Chess Olympiad.
Maksiov was working on the image outdoors in the vicinity of the Baku Puppet Theatre on the Baku Boulevard from 24 to 27 July 2016.
The image depicts the Crystal Hall as he venue for the Olympiad and a chess board, which is descending into the playing area on an American roller coaster.
At the launch ceremony, Maksiov said that his idea was to express that the attention of the whole world will be focused on the Crystal Hall.
In addition, visitors could participate in solving chess problems at the National Flag Square from 1 August to 14 September.
At the Baku Boulevard, three giant chess sets were available to the visitors from 10 August to 14 September, while one-metre high painted chess pieces made by 30 professional artists were being displayed from 20 August to 14 September.
The Baku Boulevard also hosted Chess Queen dances and performances from 1 to 14 September.
The Queen as a chess piece symbolises freedom of movement.
The role of the Queens is played by acclaimed artists that performed dances as well as greet and entertain the visitors.
The programme of the Chess Olympiad also includes parallel tournaments that took place at the Crystal Hall from 1 to 14 September.
They included a children's tournament (2–4 September), a rapid amateurs' tournament (5–6 September), a rapid journalists' tournament (7 September), a rapid side tournament for chess players (8–9 September) and a blitz tournament (12 September).
All tournaments started at 15:30 AZST (UTC+5) on each day, except for the journalists' tournament on 7 September that started at 11:00 AZST (UTC+5).
Mindful particularly of the cheating incident of Sébastien Feller at the 39th Chess Olympiad (2010), combined with the general increase of cheating incidents, the World Chess Federation (FIDE) strove to have greatly enhanced security in Baku.
Some of these were already introduced at the Chess World Cup 2015 (also in Baku), which included transmission delay of (some) games, random security checks of players, ban for bringing pens and watches into the playing hall and installment of electronic checkpoints for players at the entrance of the playing hall (see below).
In an interview during the preparations (May) for the Olympiad, Israel Gelfer (the Chairman of FIDE's Anti-cheating Committee) said that the issue of anti-cheating became important in the last couple of years, with the development of telecommunication technologies (mobile phones, watches and even glasses) that have caused a problem which cannot be ignored.
Gelfer explained that they are trying to balance between their will to fight against cheaters and at the same time not to create an unhealthy atmosphere in the chess world.
The usual electronic scans before and after the game were of course prescribed, while novel procedures included: having a special anti-cheating arbiter (Klaus Deventer) with approximately 15 arbiters under his authority, one of whose charges was to carry out 30–40 checks during the round; and that players must inform their Match Arbiter when leaving the playing area.
Despite the aforementioned anti-cheating protocols, some participants felt that this was merely a display without effect.
Mobile phones were commonly heard going off, particularly in the entourage of FIDE President Kirsan Ilyumzhinov.
It was also regarded as fairly easy to circumvent the initial metal detectors simply by passing an object around them.
In the fourth round, a Japanese player (Tang Tang) was forfeited after he was caught with an electronic device in a random check conducted prior to leaving the venue.
The game result was reversed from a win for the player to a loss, which also resulted in a change in the match score.
Chief Arbiter Faiq Hasanov said that he was approached by an arbiter in the anti-cheating department and informed about the matter.
He himself did not bother to check if there was a chess program installed on the device, as possession already violated the rules, leading to an automatic forfeiture.
Later information from other arbiters involved indicated there possibly were two devices involved, and their quick check did not indicate a chess program was running.
Without sufficient evidence of cheating "per se", Hasanov felt that more than game disqualification would be double punishment.
The captain of the Japanese team GM Mihajlo Stojanović later addressed some of the related issues in comments on the blog of the Macedonian grandmaster and general secretary of the Association of Chess Professionals Aleksandar Čolooviḱ.
During the game of the seventh round between Nigel Short and Li Chao, the former was returning from the toilet with about 30 minutes to make 20 moves when an anti-cheating arbiter asked him to undergo a spot check with a hand scanner for electronic devices.
Short did not heed the request, and sat back down to play.
After the game, Klaus Deventer (the head of the anti-cheating arbiters) reprimanded Short with a warning.
Short discussed the incident extensively after the event, indicating that he did not think the cost of annoyance to the player (even when returning from outside the playing area) was comparable to the anti-cheating benefit, though he was not pressed specifically regarding cases where a culprit had in fact been disqualified following mid-game requests for inspection (some for refusal, others for being caught with a device).
Initially Short also mentioned the fact that he and the arbiter in question (Jamie Kenmure, an Australian who is FIDE delegate for the Solomon Islands) have a political past, and thus Short did not trust that his being selected for the test actually originated from Deventer (as per the regulations).
Alternative initial reports dramatised the event to have the arbiters "ask[ing] him to step away from the board and subject himself to a full search" while in time trouble and playing a "do-or-die" position, though these details now seem discredited.
A significant petition was circulated by Jonathan Speelman and others regarding the mandatory notification of the arbiter when leaving the playing area (the petition concentrated on toilet visits).
Reasons given for this protesting against this "noxious" rule included: the FIDE rule that the toilet is part of the playing area; an indication it was "humiliating" for players to discuss bodily functions with arbiters (and embarrassing for the arbiters); a note that the Match Arbiter (the indicated person to be notified) was not always available, rendering it difficult to always comply with the rule; an argument that frequent toilet trips did not indicate cheating, and a request that players not be penalised merely for this; and an argument that the opponent might gain information from seeing a player notify the arbiter by moving as soon as they left for the bathroom visit.
The response by Chief Arbiter Faiq Hasanov noted only that the third complaint was legitimate, and that "common sense" should apply.
Multiple post-event comments by captains and players continued to report the annoyance of the anti-cheating measures, noting that a better balance between security and enjoyment could be found by FIDE.
Baadur Jobava was prominent on the other side of the issue, opining that the anti-cheating measures would help solve the non-stop screaming about this great "headache" for the 21st century chess player.
Due to a small number of embassies, Azerbaijan can be more difficult to obtain a visa when compared to other countries which have hosted the Olympiad.
This issue was briefly raised during the 83rd FIDE Congress, and Azad Rahimov noted the country had a positive experience with the Eurovision Song Contest 2012, where all participants could receive a visa on arrival at the airport without any problem.
In a similar manner, in April 2016, the President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev signed an order on simplifying the visa procedures for travellers to Azerbaijan in connection with the Chess Olympiad, allowing them to get visas in the country's international airports.
A number of African nations did not show up in time, for various reasons such as difficulties flying through Istanbul, and finalisation of monetary arrangements (teams must pay first, and then get reimbursed later).
Former Kenyan Olympic participant and owner of the website Kenya Chess Masala said that the issue just paints Africa in bad image.
On 5 September, the organisers confirmed at a press-conference that the host-nation was ready to pay for the poorer nations to travel.
Bhari confirmed that the travel expenses were the main problem and wrote that 116 out of the planned 187 federations were on a travel subsidy, including his native Kenya whose players had not shown in the first rounds, though.
He also explained that one of the biggest issues was the timing of the funding and that the teams were expected to pay on their own and be reimbursed upon arrival.
Finally, Bhari had already reminded other federations to start planning their travel expenses for the 43rd Chess Olympiad in Batumi in 2018.
In the end, 10 African nations did not arrive (Kenya, Cameroon, Mali, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, Burundi, Liberia, Seychelles, Senegal, Central African Republic).
Armenia's participation in a Chess Olympiad hosted in Azerbaijan was raised as a concern at the 83rd FIDE Congress in Istanbul in 2012 during discussions about Baku's nomination to host the Olympiad in 2016, with the Armenian representative protesting since Armenian chess players would find it quite difficult to play in Baku.
Historically this is nothing new, as the tense relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan because of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict have been mirrored in chess over the years, resulting in the absence of players from one of the two countries at tournaments hosted in the other country and even relocation of chess events.
For example, the candidates tournament for the World Chess Championship 2012 was ultimately moved (completely) from Baku to Kazan, with consideration given that one underlying reason was because Armenia's Levon Aronian was inhospitable toward playing in Azerbaijan.
More recently, Azerbaijan chose not to play in the 2015 World Team Chess Championship in Tsaghkadzor, and Azerbaijani players did not participate in the European Individual Chess Championship 2014 in Yerevan.
Nevertheless, Armenian players, including Levon Aronian, did play at the 2015 Chess World Cup in Baku, giving some hope the team would appear at the Olympiad.
In May 2016, during his visit to Yerevan, FIDE President Kirsan Ilyumzhinov said that, after talking to the Armenian Chess Federation chairman Serzh Sargsyan (also President of Armenia), he heard no refusal about their participation.
The vice-president of the Armenian Chess Federation Smbat Lputian responded that Armenia was still discussing the matter and had not decided on the matter yet.
In July 2016, Lputian announced that (based upon discussion within the federation) the Armenian chess team would not participate in the Chess Olympiad.
Israel participated without Boris Gelfand, Emil Sutovsky, and Ilya Smirin due to a dispute with the Israel Chess Federation management.
The hardships were already evident in 2015, when the country failed to send a team at the European Team Chess Championship due to monetary difficulties.
Boris Gelfand, who played on board one for Israel at nine consecutive Olympiads (1998–2014), said the management of the Israel Chess Federation have "absolutely forgotten about such things as the prestige of the country".
Emil Sutovsky claimed on his Facebook page that the dispute was about "showing who's boss rather than money".
Bulgaria played without Ivan Cheparinov and Kiril Georgiev, the former due to monetary disputes, and the latter because the Bulgarian Chess Federation considered him banned.
At one point, the entire Bulgarian team was rumored not to be coming (similarly they were absent from the 2015 European Team Chess Championship), as was Greece.
One week before the Olympiad started, the Pakistani Sports Board, dealing with three separate claimants to status of official national federation, refused to issue "No Objection Certificates" (NOCs).
A spokesman said, "we have refused to issue NOCs to around 15 men and women chess players and two officials as currently no chess federation is recognised by us.
Issuing them NOCs will mean we've accepted an illegal body."
In the end, a team from Pakistan (with its top players) did attend and finished slightly above average.
Kenya has had a long running dispute within its federation, and due to this and other reasons the open team ended up not showing up for the event and the women's team began play only in round 5.Inula conyza
Inula conyza, known as ploughman's-spikenard, is a species of plant from family Asteraceae found in Europe, North Africa, and the Near East.Linde River
The Linde () is a river in Sakha Republic, Russia.
It is a left tributary of the Lena River.2012–13 Oakland Golden Grizzlies men's basketball team
The 2012–13 Oakland Golden Grizzlies men's basketball team represented Oakland University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Golden Grizzlies, led by 29th year head coach Greg Kampe, played their home games at the Athletics Center O'rena and were members of The Summit League.
They finished the season 16–17, 10–6 in The Summit League to finish in fourth place.
They lost in the quarterfinals of The Summit League Tournament to Fort Wayne.
They were invited to the 2013 CIT where they lost in the first round to Youngstown State.
This was the Golden Grizzlies last year as a member of The Summit League as they will join the Horizon League beginning with the 2013–14 season.
Oakland was selected to finish third in The Summit League in the preseason poll of coaches, sports information directors and media.
Junior guard Travis Bader was selected to the preseason all-league first team and senior forward Drew Valentine was selected to the second team.
From the previous season's 20-win team that reached the CollegeInsider.com Tournament semifinals, Oakland lost starting point guard Reggie Hamilton and guard Laval Lucas-Perry to graduation.
Then-redshirt freshman center Kyle Sikora transferred to Stetson in order to be closer to his family.
Sophomore center Corey Petros earned league Player of the Week honors on November 19.
Petros earned his first career award averaging 18 points and 9.5 rebounds in road games against Boise State and Pittsburgh.
Junior guard Duke Mondy was named Player of the Week for the week of December 31.
After a 47-point performance and averaging 36.5 points per game the week of January 20, Bader was named National Player of the Week by ESPN's Dick Vitale, the Capital One Impact Performance of the Week and The Summit League's Player of the Week awards.
In the 47-point game, Bader set an Oakland single-game record for three-point field goals made (11), scored the most points in a game in NCAA Division I this year and tied the league record for most three-pointers in a game.
The 47 points were the third-highest total in Oakland history.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!
colspan=9 | Regular season
!colspan=9| 2013 The Summit League Men's Basketball Tournament
!
colspan=9 | 2013 CollegeInsider.com Postseason TournamentSopiko Khukhashvili
Sopiko Khukhashvili (born 4 January 1985) is a Georgian chess player who holds the titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster.
She won the Under-16 girls' section of the World Youth Chess Championship twice, in 1999 and 2000.
She played in the Women's World Chess Championship 2008, made it to the second round in the Women's World Chess Championship 2010, and took part in the Women's World Chess Championship 2012.Pascal Soriot
Pascal Claude Roland Soriot (born 23 May 1959) is the chief executive officer of the Anglo-Swedish pharmaceutical multinational company AstraZeneca, since October 2012.
In July 2017, it was reported that Soriot would become the next CEO of Israel-based Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, succeeding Erez Vigodman, though this was soon refuted.
Born in France, his father died when Soriot was 20.
He studied veterinary medicine at university (École nationale vétérinaire d'Alfort at Maisons-Alfort in south-east Paris).
He later obtained an MBA at HEC Paris.
In April 1986, he joined Roussel Uclaf (formerly France's second largest pharmaceutical company, until bought by Hoechst AG in 1997) as a salesman, where he lived in Australia.
In 1996 he became General Manager of Hoechst Marion Roussel in Australia, moving to Tokyo in April 1997
In 2000 he moved to Aventis in America, becoming chief operating officer of Aventis USA in 2002, which became Sanofi Aventis USA in 2004.
He joined Roche in 2006.
From April 2009 to 2010 he was chief executive of the Roche subsidiary Genentech.
He rejoined Roche Pharma AG in 2010 as chief operating officer.
In August 2012 he was named as the new chief executive of AstraZeneca, the world's fifth largest pharmaceutical company, when aged 53.
He took up the post on 1 October 2012.
He is married and has two children.
He has three brothers, all of whom are doctors.John F. O'Malley
John F. O'Malley (1885 – c.1950) was an American architect from Rhode Island.
John F. O'Malley was born in 1885.
His training is unknown, but he opened his office at 75 Westminster Street in Providence around 1910.
In 1915 he was briefly associated with Harry A. Lewis, who would later open an office in the same building.
In 1919, he moved his office to Pawtucket's Fanning Building, which he had designed several years prior.
At this time he also moved his family to Central Falls.
From 1923 until 1931, he was associated with Frank E. Fitzsimmons in the firm of the O'Malley-Fitzsimmons Company.
From then until the end of his career, O'Malley practiced alone.
He died circa 1950.
As a major associate of Pawtucket mayor Thomas P. McCoy, O'Malley designed many of Pawtucket's civic buildings of the 1930s, including City Hall.
Several of his later works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.Siobhán Donaghy discography
The discography of English singer consists of two studio albums, five singles (including one as a featured artist) and four music videos.
Donaghy first rose to fame as a member of the Sugababes, and released four top forty singles with the group; "Overload", "New Year", "Run for Cover" and "Soul Sound".
However she left the group after the release of their debut album One Touch.
In March 2003, Donaghy released the 7-inch vinyl single "Nothing but Song" under this title as she did not want to be known as "the girl who left the Sugababes".
For the release of her first commercial single in June 2003, "Overrated" (co-written with McVey and Paul Simm), Donaghy reverted to her given name.
"Overrated" peaked at No.
19 in the UK.
It was followed by the single "Twist of Fate", which was released in September 2003 and charted at No.52.
Donaghy's debut album "Revolution in Me" was released by London Records in September 2003, and entered the UK Albums Chart at No.
117.
She was dropped by London Records following poor albums sales and musical differences.
In 2005, Donaghy appeared as a backing vocalist on the Mattafix album "Signs of a Struggle" and on the Morcheeba album "The Antidote".
She recorded a second album independently which was picked up by Parlophone, part of the EMI group, which also bought the rights to "Revolution in Me".
The album's title track, "Ghosts", was released in February 2007 as a 12-inch promotional two-track single with the song "Don't Give It Up".
The latter song was given a wider release in April 2007 and peaked at No.45 in the UK.
The second single, "So You Say", was released in June 2007 and peaked at No.76.
A remix of "Don't Give It Up" by Jerry Bouthier is featured on the Kitsuné release "BoomBox", released in November 2007.
The album, "Ghosts", was also released in June 2007 and peaked at No.92.
Donaghy had said of the release that she wanted commercial success only so that she could continue to make music.
She told The London Paper: "I make left field pop music, and it's a difficult genre to be in because it's not straight pop, it's not alternative, and it's quite hard to market.
You have to push it and work it.
".
In June 2009, Donaghy was featured on the Square1 single "Styfling" produced by Silvio Pacini.
Later in the year, she said in an interview with fashion site ponystep.com that she feels she had "had the break" she wanted from the industry and was currently working on new music but was unsure when it will be finished.
Donaghy has been working with The Sound of Arrows, Saturday Night Gym Club, Magik Johnson, Max Tundra, Metronomy, and Ed Mcfarlane of Friendly Fires.Guo Liang (actor)
Guo Liang (born 11 November 1968) is a Chinese-Singaporean actor and television host.
Guo graduated from the Shanghai Drama Institute and moved to Singapore during the 1990s to join the Television Corporation of Singapore (predecessor of MediaCorp).
He joined SPH MediaWorks in late 2000 but returned to MediaCorp in 2005 when the two companies merged.
Although trained as an actor, he is mostly known in Singapore as a presenter of MediaCorp Channel 8 current affairs programme "Hello Singapore" (狮城有约) and host of the Star Awards.
Guo has gotten 5 out of 10 Top 10 Most Popular Male Artistes from 1997-1999, 2010, 2018 respectively.
Guo is married to a Singapore permanent resident Jade Shen Jie in 1994 and has a son, Marcus.
He took up Singaporean citizenship in 2001.
In 2010, Guo and Elvin Ng were reportedly engaged in an online feud over comments exchanged in the dressing room during filming of the series.
The incident was notably parodied in a skit at the Star Awards 2011 in which Christopher Lee, portraying series director Chong Liung Man, tells their characters to "stop fighting" and "write on [their] blogs".2003 NC State Wolfpack football team
The 2003 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season.
The team's head coach was Chuck Amato.
N.C. State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953.
The Wolfpack played its home games in 2003 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966.Selennyakh River
The Selennyakh () is a river in Sakha Republic, Russia.
It is a left tributary of the Indigirka River.
The length of the river is .
The area of its drainage basin is .
It originates in the north-west of the Chersky Range.
The river flows through the Momo-Selennyakh depression and Aby Lowland.
The average annual water consumption - in the mouth - is .
According to the State Water Register of Russia, it is a part of the Lena basin district.Yerevan Vernissage
Yerevan Vernissage ( ("Vernisazh")) is a large open-air market in Yerevan, Armenia.
The name of the market is the derived from the French word "vernissage".
The market lies along Aram and Buzand streets at a length of 350 metres, connecting the Hanrapetutyun street with the Khanjyan street.
The market mainly features a collection of different types of traditional Armenian art works.
The Yerevan Vernissage is an open-air exhibition-market functioning on the weekends.
It was formed during the 1980s by Armenian artists who started to display their art works in the square next to the Artists' Union of Armenia (the current Charles Aznavour Square).
Others have used the park next to Komitas State Conservatory to show their works.
Later, the Vernissage was moved to Martiros Saryan garden in front of the Opera House.
The exhibition-market was gradually enlarged and finally moved to Aram and Buzand streets, starting with the Republic square metro station and ending up with the statue of Vardan Mamikonyan.
However, painters are still using the Saryan park to show their painting works.
In addition to carved wood and art works, traditional carpets, old collections of coins and medallions, books, jewellery, musical instruments, electronics and even pets are found in the market.Khaled Shafiei
Khaled Shafiei (; born March 29, 1987) is an Iranian football defender.
Shafiei joined Fajr Sepasi in 2010 after spending the previous season in Kowsar.
He joined FC Seoul on 25 June 2017, becoming the first Iranian player in the K League.1950 Dutch Grand Prix
The 1950 Dutch Grand Prix was a motor race held on 23 July 1950 at Circuit Park Zandvoort, Netherlands.
It was the first Dutch Grand Prix set to Formula One rules.
The race was won by French driver Louis Rosier in a Talbot-Lago.Bridgwater War Memorial
Bridgwater War Memorial is a Grade II* listed war memorial located on King Square in Bridgwater, Somerset, England, on the site previously occupied by Bridgwater Castle.
It was designed by John Angel in the mid-1920s.
The green figure of the memorial is allegorical, representing ""Civilization" as a seated female, holding a globe in one hand and with the book of knowledge on her lap."
John Angel sculpted the Angel of Bridgwater.
Mounted on a plinth, a female figure of 'Civilisation' lofts the world, which is encircled by emblems of commerce and peace.
Under her foot are the "demons of war."
The throne and figure are backed by "relief depictions of Labour, Home, Life and Education."
On her lap is a book of laws, and she is surrounded by children.
Indeed, given its monumental breadth, the many details in the design, and its metaphorical and iconic form, the sculpture is subject to colorful and variant interpretations and description.
The bronze was cast by W Morris Art Bronze Foundry.
At the time, Angel was working four years as assistant to Sir George Frampton, and Frampton's influence is apparent.
Figures from the roughly contemporaneous Exeter War Memorial, specifically "Peace" (also known as "Victory") were exhibited by Angel at The Royal Academy in 1922, being exhibited in the courtyard of Burlington House, as were other studies of the Bridgwater War Memorial on several occasions.
On the third step these words are inscribed: "IN HONOUR OF THE MEN OF BRIDGWATER WHO GAVE THEIR LIVES IN THE GREAT WAR 1914-1918"
The memorial was unveiled by General the Earl of Cavan then Chief of the Imperial General Staff on 25 September 1924, to commemorate the fallen of World War I.
Further names have been added following World War II, the Korean War.
Falklands Conflict and the Afghan conflict.
It has been characterised as, "An exceptionally fine and moving memorial, which forms an important focal point to this fine late Georgian square."
In 2009 the memorial benefited from a small stipend from War Memorials Trust, which was used to replace bronze plaques and add a new one.
The new plaques are said to be a precise match in form and typeface for those that were replaced.Moshe Stekelis
Moshe Stekelis (1898 – 14 March 1967) was a Russian born archaeologist who excavated the Neolithic Yarmukian culture at Sha'ar HaGolan.
He was born in Kamenets-Podolski in the Podolia Governorate of the Russian Empire (present-day Ukraine) and graduated with a Masters degree from Odessa University to work at the Odessa Archeological Museum as deputy director between 1921 and 1924.
He was exiled to Siberia for three years for being a Zionist activist.
He continued research into anthropology whilst in exile and settled in Palestine in 1928.
He completed his PhD with Henri Breuil in the 1930s and went on to become professor of archaeology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
He made many notable discoveries during numerous excavations, working with Dorothy Garrod on the Neolithic of the Levant.
It was remarked that his research and finds ""shed light on early man and which are invaluable in reconstructing his development.""
He died whilst planning further exploration of the Jordan valley at the age of sixty nine.Paul Egell
Johann Paul Egell (April 9, 1691-Berlin, January 10, 1752) was a German sculptor and plasterer (stucco artist).
He was a pupil of Permoser in Dresden .
In 1721 he was made court sculptor in Mannheim by Charles III Philip, Elector Palatine.
In 1734-1735, Egell worked on behalf of the princes Anselm Franz von Thurn und Taxis in the construction of Palais Thurn und Taxis in Frankfurt.
The Baroque city castle was destroyed by 1944 aerial bombing during World War II.
Fragments remain.
Of his works still remaining are stucco reliefs in the Mannheim Palace, masks at the Castle Hotel, pediment reliefs on the Castle Church and the Jesuit church, and design of the local silver Madonna and of the organ.
Shortly before Egell’s death he had completed the design for the Chinese Pavilion in Oggersheim.
It was completed by his son Augustin Egell.
Among his pupils was Ignaz Günther.
Egell was replaced in 1752 by Peter Anton von Verschaffelt.Gino Loria
Gino Benedetto Loria (19 May 1862, Mantua – 30 January 1954, Genoa) was a Jewish-Italian mathematician and historian of mathematics.
Loria studied mathematics in Mantua, Turin, and Pavia and received his doctorate in 1883 from the University of Turin under the direction of Enrico D'Ovidio.
For several years he was D'Ovidio's assistant in Turin.
Starting in 1886 he became, as a result of winning a then-customary competition, Professor for Algebra and Analytic Geometry in Genoa, where he stayed for the remainder of his career.
Loria did research on projective geometry, special curves and rational transformations in algebraic geometry, and elliptic functions.
In 1897 he became editor of "Bolletino di Bibliografia e Storia delle Science Matematiche".
In 1916 he published a guide to the study of history of mathematics.
A reviewer noted
Loria wrote a history of mathematics and was especially concerned with the history of mathematics in Italy and among the ancient Greeks.
After the German seized control of Italy in World War II, Waldensians helped Loria (endangered as a Jew) hide in Torre Pellice.
Loria was elected to the Accademia dei Lincei and the Turin Academy of Sciences.
An asteroid (27056 Ginoloria) is named after him.Bruna Amarante da Silva
Bruna Amarante da Silva (born 12 May 1984) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Foz Cataratas Futebol Clube.
She played previously in the Kazakhstani Championship for BIIK Kazygurt, with which she made her Champions League debut in August 2012.
She had played before in her home country.
She was part of the Equatorial Guinea women's national football team at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
On October 5, 2017, FIFA declared Bruna and other nine Brazilian footballers ineligible to play for Equatorial Guinea.Strike Back (TV series)
Strike Back is a British/American action-adventure/spy-drama television series based on a novel of the same name by novelist and former Special Air Service (SAS) soldier Chris Ryan.
The series follows the actions of Section 20, a secretive branch of the British Defence Intelligence service (DI), who operate several high risk, priority missions throughout the globe.
The six-part first series began broadcasting on Sky One on 5 May 2010.
After a second series was commissioned, it was announced that Cinemax would co-produce the franchise.
The first episode of the ten-part second series, under the banner title "" in the United Kingdom, first aired on Cinemax on 12 August 2011.
The ten-part third series, under the title "", began airing on Cinemax on 17 August 2012.
On 3 October 2012, Cinemax and Sky commissioned a fourth series, "", which was broadcast on Cinemax beginning 9 August 2013.
A ten-episode, fifth series titled "" aired in 2015, with the last episode airing on 29 July, and at that point, this was to be final series for the show.
On 8 December 2016, Cinemax and Sky announced they would revive the show for a sixth series, "" which debuted on 31 October 2017 on Sky One in the UK, and in the US on Cinemax on 2 February 2018.
On 27 March 2018, "Strike Back" was renewed for a seventh series titled "".
Filming commenced in late 2018, with a release date of 25 January 2019 on Cinemax and 28 February 2019 on Sky One.
On February 27, 2019, Cinemax renewed the series for an eighth and final series.
Ratings for "Strike Back" were relatively high for the original networks.
The Sky One premiere was viewed by almost 400,000 viewers (according to overnight figures), tripling the average audience share for the channel's time slot after three months.
"Project Dawn" premiered to over 600,000.
The Cinemax premiere saw the network's best ratings since 2005.
John Porter (Richard Armitage) resigned from the SAS following the aftermath of a rescue mission in Iraq on the eve of the American led invasion in 2003, where two fellow soldiers were killed, apparently by a thirteen-year-old boy Porter failed to kill, leaving him responsible.
Seven years later, Porter is "reactivated" following the kidnap of journalist Katie Dartmouth (Orla Brady) by the same terrorists he fought seven years previous, including the same boy, As'ad.
Porter succeeds in rescuing Dartmouth and joins Section 20, headed by Hugh Collinson (Andrew Lincoln), who was also present during the fateful mission.
By the end of the series, it is revealed that Collinson was the one who killed the soldiers, and covered this up.
Section 20 officer Layla Thompson (Jodhi May) discovers this, and blackmails Collinson into saving Porter's life in Afghanistan.
There, Porter learns that during the mission, Collinson panicked and mistook the soldiers for terrorists.
Taliban members raid their location, and Collinson is mortally wounded while aiding Porter's escape.
Porter is captured by a Pakistani terrorist called Latif (Jimi Mistry) while investigating a planned operation of Latif, Project Dawn.
Sergeant Michael Stonebridge (Philip Winchester) finds disgraced ex-Delta Force operative Damian Scott (Sullivan Stapleton), who would not be hired by even private military contractors, who previously worked with Porter to track Latif.
After Porter is executed, Section 20 discover Porter left the team clues to a hotel in New Delhi, India, where a group of terrorists attempt to capture a weapons scientist with knowledge of hidden weapons of mass destruction originally used to plant in Iraq, which serves as a part of Project Dawn.
The weapon, namely VX nerve gas was kept in storage, and Latif has known about its existence.
Section 20's worldwide search for Latif ends in Budapest, Hungary, where they learn he is using suicide bombers by implanting them with explosive devices inside their bodies, which in turn will release the VX.
The attempted attacks against a World Summit were actually a diversion to capture former Pakistani general Akmal Ramiz (Silas Carson), who Latif fears will make Pakistan more accessible to the west.
He also captures Section 20 head Colonel Eleanor Grant (Amanda Mealing) in an attempt to confess to "Operation Trojan Horse", which planned to plant VX in Iraq, while also exposing Porter and framing Scott; Grant attempted to cover up the operation in shame.
In the end, Grant forces Latif to shoot an empty VX canister, with the explosives still intact, killing them both.
Although Scott gains the file that would clear his name, he decides to burn the file and remain in Section 20.
Meanwhile, Stonebridge decides to leave to be with his pregnant wife.
Former military intelligence operative, Major Rachel Dalton (Rhona Mitra) takes charge of Section 20.
They work throughout Africa to get their hands on four nuclear triggers which are in the wrong hands after a mission in Somalia.
The triggers have originally been sold to Conrad Knox (Charles Dance), an English billionaire and philanthropist based in South Africa, who runs the Knox Foundation, charged with disarming unstable regions.
However, it becomes apparent that he is using the weapons to arm his own militia and is using the triggers to build nuclear weapons with the intent of liberating Africa "to a point where its voice is not just heard but listened to."
Due to Knox's influence, Section 20 is forced to go dark to stop him.
In the meantime, Stonebridge seeks revenge on Craig Hanson (Shane Taylor) for murdering his wife and returns to Section 20, while Scott has to contend with Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent Christy Bryant (Stephanie Vogt), with whom he used to work contract killing.
Scott also has a relationship with Rebecca, a Mossad contract assassin (Lyne Renée).
By the conclusion of the series, two of the bombs were recovered, and the remaining two were disarmed before they could destroy Johannesburg.
Stonebridge fulfills his revenge and Knox, fleeing the failed attempt, accidentally shoots himself to death in a street altercation with the very South Africans he hoped to empower.
Scott and Stonebridge are recalled from holiday in California to capture Leo Kamali (Zubin Varla), a high-ranking member of a terrorist cell led by al-Zuhari, an elusive terrorist.
After capturing him in Colombia, it is revealed that Kamali is working deep cover with the CIA to stop al-Zuhari.
As Kamali is pressured to work with Section 20, Dalton is suspended by Lt.
Colonel Philip Locke (Robson Green), who takes charge.
Dalton is later killed by the Real Irish Republican Army (IRA), who have joined forces with al-Zuhari's group.
In the meantime, Scott and Stonebridge are wanted by the Russian mafia after killing the son of mob boss Arkady Ulyanov (Marcel Iureș) in Colombia.
Scott learns he fathered a child from one of his past relationships, while Stonebridge is infected with a neurotoxin during one of Section 20's missions in Beirut, which affects his combat abilities.
After attacking the British Embassy in Budapest, the IRA and al-Zuhari's group steal a NATO hard drive and send it to a prison in Russia where a Swedish hacker and prisoner, Erik Andersson, is forced to decrypt it.
While on mission in Russia, Section 20 also become aware of a secretive facility where al-Zuhari's scientists are weaponising smallpox to be used to attack NATO bases.
After the mission, Stonebridge is given the antidote to the toxin, and Kamali is executed by al-Zuhari's men for being a double agent.
Section 20 learn that al-Zuhari's group intends to attack a NATO base in Berlin, Germany, where it is revealed that Kamali faked his death, having been behind the operation the entire time (it is revealed that the Israelis killed al-Zuhari six months before).
After the terrorists successfully infect a train and the NATO base's hospital, Section 20 thwart Kamali's plot to fly a plane over Berlin to infect the city.
Both Kamali and Ulyanov are killed by 20 during an exchange arranged by Locke.
In his last moments, Kamali reveals that his daughter Ester has a pendant that contains the cure to the smallpox, though only enough to save those infected at the hospital.
"Strike Back" returned to Cinemax on 31 July 2015 for the final series of ten new episodes.
Initially scheduled for summer 2014, the series had to be pushed back due to an off-set injury to series star Sullivan Stapleton.
Scott and Stonebridge are sent on a mission to rescue Chloe Foster, the kidnapped daughter of Robin Foster, a British diplomat negotiating North Korea's nuclear disarmament.
Robin is forced to carry a bomb into the chambers of the North Korean delegation, killing a general.
Section 20 begin to investigate Office 39, a clandestine branch of the North Korean army and identify Robin's wife Mei Foster as an Office 39 deep-cover agent.
Mei has spent her life trying to advance North Korea's nuclear programme and has used her position to broker a deal with the yakuza to acquire key components for long-range missiles.
Section 20 are unsuccessful in intercepting a shipment of vanadium, leading Scott and Stonebridge to infiltrate North Korea and sabotage their missile production, setting the programme back decades.
Mei is blamed for the failure—despite repeatedly warning her government about Section 20—and turns rogue, activating a network of sleeper agents across Europe.
They build and improvised nuclear device and plan to set it off at a summit in Geneva.
Section 20 disarm the bomb but the diplomatic fallout sees Whitehall disavow them.
Scott and Stonebridge are ambushed by a CIA kill team and go on the run.
Terrorist leader Omair Idrisi (Don Hany) is captured by British special forces, only to be freed by his wife Jane Lowry (Katherine Kelly) during a prisoner transfer on the Syrian-Jordanian border.
Colonel Adeena Donovan (Nina Sosanya) recruits Sergeant Thomas 'Mac' McAllister (Warren Brown), Sergeant Samuel Wyatt (Daniel MacPherson), Lance Corporal Gracie Novin (Alin Sumarwata) and Captain Natalie Reynolds (Roxanne McKee) into the revived Section 20 to capture Idrisi and Lowry.
Section 20's mission takes them across North Africa where Idrisi is seemingly killed in an airstrike.
The team pursue Lowry into Hungary where they learn that she is trying to locate a rogue Russian biochemist in order to acquire a sample of the nerve agent Novichok.
Idrisi is revealed to have survived the airstrike where he was captured by Octagon, a private military contractor running a secret and illegal extraordinary rendition program.
Lowry intends to use the Novichok to break her husband out of a black site in Poland.
When Section 20 thwart her plans by destroying the Novichok laboratory, Lowry attacks the black site directly and succeeds in freeing Idrisi.
Section 20 follow them to Croatia where Reynolds and Novin learn that Donovan recruited Lowry, at the time a prostitute, for "Project Tenebrae".
Lowry infiltrated Idrisi's terrorist cell and convinced Donovan and the British government to fund a symbolic terror attack designed to further her cover.
However, Lowry was radicalised by Idrisi and attacked a civilian target instead, killing an American diplomat.
With British Intelligence complicit in a terror attack, Lowry stole a copy of "the Atlas", a database of British and American operations which she intended to give to Russia.
Idrisi was subsequently captured, prompting Lowry to hide the Atlas on an island off the Croatian coast.
Reynolds and Novin are forced to kill Donovan when it becomes apparent that Section 20 was reactivated to kill Lowry, recover the Atlas and cover up Project Tenebrae.
McAllister and Wyatt are unable to prevent the Russians from securing the Atlas, leading Section 20 to raid a Russian intelligence bunker and steal a database of their own.
Disavowed by their governments, Section 20 trade the database server for the Atlas and the series ends with the four trying to escape pursuit by the Russians.
The seventh series was announced in 2018 and premiered in 2019.
Brown, MacPherson and Sumarwata all reprise their roles from "Retribution" and are joined by Jamie Bamber as Section 20's new commanding officer Colonel Alexander Coltrane and Yasemin Kay Allen as Katrina Zarkova, a Russian agent in South-East Asia.
The story sees Section 20 investigating the downing of a Russian bomber in the South China Sea and the disappearance of its nuclear payload.
Between the announcement of the new series and its broadcast, the UK title was changed to "Silent War".
Richard Armitage plays first series protagonist John Porter, a character who is brought back into service by Section 20 seven years after he resigns from a botched rescue mission.<ref name="brady/armitage sky"></ref> Armitage describes the character as "sort of like Lucas North [the character he played on the BBC espionage series "Spooks"], only on some kind of go-faster drug."
Following the announcement of the second series, Armitage had to drop out of the role, following his commitment to appear as Thorin Oakenshield in "The Hobbit" films.
He was replaced by Sullivan Stapleton, who plays former United States Delta force operative Damian Scott, and Philip Winchester who plays Michael Stonebridge.
Stapleton was originally contracted to appear in two series.
In the first series, Andrew Lincoln plays Hugh Collinson, Porter's comrade in the 2003 mission and Section 20 boss.
Jodhi May plays Lieutenant Layla Thompson, an "ambitious woman working in a male-dominated field that she's climbed to the top of".
Over the course of the first series she grows to distrust Collinson.
Shelley Conn plays Sergeant Danni Prendiville, a Section 20 officer who has an affair with Porter.
Colin Salmon appears as civil servant James Middleton, and Orla Brady plays kidnapped Sky war correspondent Katie Dartmouth.
Following Collinson's demise, Amanda Mealing plays his successor, Colonel Eleanor Grant, who was described as a "smart, tough military leader who is skilled with a gun and diplomacy, but knows when to break a rule or two."
By the conclusion of "Project Dawn", Grant is killed off, and later replaced by Rachel Dalton, played by Rhona Mitra, since "Vengeance".
Eva Birthistle plays Captain Kate Marshall, a "crack commando" who oversees Section 20's military personnel, who also had an affair with Stonebridge even though the latter is married.
In the fourth episode, Kate was killed in an explosion.
Rhashan Stone plays Major Oliver Sinclair, Grant's right-hand man, and Section 20's second-in-command.
Michelle Lukes plays Sergeant Julia Richmond, one of the newer recruits of Section 20.
Lukes describes her character as "exceptionally bright and technically brilliant," with the ability to speak seven languages.
Richmond became more active in the field in "Vengeance".
Jimi Mistry plays "Project Dawn" villain Latif, the Pakistani terrorist and mastermind behind the eponymous plot.
The primary antagonists of "Vengeance" are guns-for-hire Karl Matlock, played by Vincent Regan.
and Conrad Knox, a billionaire who is using his humanitarian work as a front to build his own militia, played by Charles Dance.
The television series is based on a novel of the same name by Chris Ryan, a former SAS soldier who was known as the only member of his unit, Bravo Two Zero, to evade capture by Iraqi forces during the Gulf War in 1991, and was regarded as the most difficult escape for a British soldier.
Ryan became a novelist after leaving the SAS.
Andy Harries, the chief executive of his production company, Left Bank Pictures, saw the novel "Strike Back" at an airport while on holiday, but never got around to reading it.
Regardless, he still managed to pitch the idea of a series from the novel to Sky's Head of Drama Elaine Pyke, who commissioned it.
Harries said of the experience, "I read the back of the book just to remind myself, I remember Elaine saying 'what's the story' and I said 'Don't worry about that, it's really the thrust of the piece.'"
The commission became part of Sky's £10 million commitment to producing original dramas based on novels following the network's success in adapting the "Discworld" novels from Terry Pratchett.
It was also a part of Sky's attempt to replicate the pace of American-based action series including "24".
Chris Ryan became involved in the project by acting as a series consultant and script advisor.
Harries also served as a producer on the show.
A second series of "Strike Back" was commissioned by Sky in August 2010, for a longer run of 10 episodes.
Later, in February 2011, it was announced that Sky entered an international co-production deal with the American television network Cinemax, as the network wanted to introduce a new original drama series.
The first episodes of the series was written by "The X-Files" alum Frank Spotnitz.
Spotnitz was brought in to start the second series with the purpose to re-imagine the show, as the producers needed it to work in the absence of first series lead Richard Armitage, due to the actor's commitment to "The Hobbit" film series in New Zealand.
In the first series, Armitage had to "bulk up for the role."
The actor spent ten weeks with a trainer in the UK, before moving to Johannesburg, where the first series was shot, and participated in more training, however he had to spend ten days after arriving to acclimatise to the city's high altitudes.
Before the second series, more main cast members took up intensive bootcamp style training in South Africa by former SAS and SBS operators.
The two leads Stapleton and Winchester underwent the most intensive training.
The actors were trained in many aspects including running, teamwork, tactical manoeuvres with and without weapons and other various military tactics.
Winchester recalled his training experience, "[Sullivan Stapleton] and I would meet every morning at 6am.
We would run to a chosen location and on the way we had to memorise street names and directions and then our trainers would say 'that car that you just passed what was the licence plate number?'
Our trainers were ex-SAS guys who made us study everything in detail, for example, we learnt step by step how to enter a room in twos, then alone.
At the same time, we had to be constantly aware of where our weapon was trained."
The series uses a vast array of firearms and other weapons, including side arms, assault and sniper rifles, rocket-propelled grenades, hand grenades and other explosives as well as knives and other weapons.
In training, cast members started by carrying weights that mimicked the weapons so they could get used to carrying them during filming.
They were later taught how to handle various firearms used in the series to make it appear as real as possible, they were taught to disassemble and re-assemble, fire and reload the weapons used before scenes/shooting.
Former SAS and SBS servicemen gave many of the cast weapons training, and were also on hand during the filming to oversee and advise the cast members on the proper handling and use of the various weapons and tactics used in different scenes.
Filming the first series began in South Africa in August 2009, and was shot with 35mm film.
35mm cameras were used because the crew regard them as "the best and most flexible capture medium" available.
Three Kodak film stocks were used for filming the series, along with a variety of Arri cameras.
Each scene uses a minimum of two cameras, but the crew regularly use four camera angles.
Having worked in South Africa several times in the past, decided to use the country as the filming location for the series, as he felt it could replicate anywhere in the world.
The first series was largely filmed in the Gauteng province, including its capital, Johannesburg.
Local crew members were used to collaborate with the British crew.
Starting with "Project Dawn", Cape Town was largely used as a filming location, with other episodes filmed in Durban and Springbok, Northern Cape.
Before filming "Project Dawn", the production crew were scouting other filming locations throughout Europe, South America and the United States.
The series would additionally be shot in Budapest, Hungary.
Some other scenes were also shot in the UK.
The first two episodes of "Vengeance" were originally scheduled to film in Mozambique, but a week before filming was due to start the country had "a massive freedom fighter rally."
The series aired on Sky One in the United Kingdom.
The first series began airing on 5 May 2010, originally showing two episodes for three weeks.
According to overnight viewing figures, the premiere episode was seen by 398,000 viewers and a 1.7 per cent audience share, becoming one of the most viewed non-terrestrial broadcasts, and more than tripled Sky One's average audience in their slots from the previous three months.
"Project Dawn" began on 21 August 2011, but was showing just one episode a week that time.
Overnight ratings saw a substantial increase over the first series premiere, having been seen by 616,000 viewers, with a 2.6 per cent audience share.
"Vengeance" premiered on 2 September 2012, however overnight ratings decreased to 385,000, and was beaten by new episodes of "The Simpsons" and "Sinbad", which aired on the same channel.
The United States did not initially air the first series, but on 25 October 2013 it was aired with the title Strike Back: Origins.
The first series to air in the US was "Project Dawn", and was known as "Season One" in the country, it began airing on Cinemax on 12 August 2011.
The premiere attracted 567,000 viewers on its first telecast, and an additional 500,000 viewed the two following encores.
Despite the limited availability of the network on American television (only 16.7 million homes have Cinemax available), it was the best ratings performance for the network since a broadcast of the film "Titanic" in 2005.
"Vengeance" premiered with two back-to-back episodes, on 17 August 2012.
It attracted 390,000 viewers, with encores increasing viewership to over half a million.
"Vengeance" averaged 310,000 viewers with an 18 to 49 rating of 0.13.
The series was also made available in other countries.
In Australia, the first series aired on ABC1, with "Project Dawn" airing on Channel Seven.
In Canada the show airs on HBO Canada, while in France, it is shown on Canal+.
In Belgium, the second series of the show began airing on La Deux on 28 April 2013 while the channel did not show the first series.
"Strike Back" received generally positive reviews from television critics.
"Strike Back" was nominated for six accolades, winning two.
In 2010, the first series was nominated for Best Digital Choice for the National Television Awards.
In 2012, the series was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Main Title Design, and Eva Birthistle was nominated for Best Actress in a Supporting Role TV in the ninth annual Irish Film & Television Awards in 2012.
In the same year, "Strike Back" won a UK Screen Association Conch Award for Best Audio on TV Drama of the Year.
Additionally the series won a Royal Television Society Award for Best Special Effects, with South African company Big Bang Stunts & Effects being the recipient.
It was also nominated for Best Sound in Drama in 2010.
The first series of "Strike Back" was released on a two-disc set on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on 7 June 2010 in the United Kingdom (Region 2), after only over two weeks since the conclusion of the series on television.
In Australia (Region 4), the DVD was released on 3 May 2011, while the Blu-ray was released later on 2 June.
The release consisted of all six episodes, which were edited to three feature-length episodes, along with special features, namely cast interviews and behind the scenes featurette.
The second series, "Project Dawn", was released on a three-disc set on DVD and Blu-ray on 14 November 2011.
Along with the ten episodes, the set includes the special featurettes "Top Secrets: Making Strike Back: Project Dawn", "Firearms Training" and "Scott Vs Igor Fight Scene" featurettes, as well as broadcast titles.
On the same day of its release, a collection of both series were also released on DVD and Blu-ray.
In the United States (Region 1), the series, labelled "Strike Back: Cinemax Season One" was released on 7 August 2012.
The American release includes audio commentaries from various cast and crew members on five episodes, along with a DVD and Digital Copy on the Blu-ray edition.
"Vengeance" was released on DVD on 5 November 2012 in the UK.
All five series are now available on DVD, with the fifth series available only in the UK until 1 March 2016, at which time the North American DVD and Blu-ray disc versions will be released.
Series 1–5 are available in the UK as PAL DVDs, and series 2–5 (North American Cinemax series 1–4) are or will be available in North America as NTSC DVDs and Blu-ray discs by 1 March 2016.
It was announced in October 2015 that plans to make a "Strike Back" feature film are in the early planning stages, with the two leads, Winchester and Stapleton, to reprise their roles.Beit Jinn
Beit Jinn (), also known as Bayt Jin, Beit Jann or Beyt Jene, is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located southwest of Damascus on the foothills of Mount Hermon.
According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Beit Jinn had a population of 2,846 in the 2004 census.
Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.
The town is the administrative center of the Beit Jinn Subdistrict, which consists of nine towns, with a combined population of 15,668.
The subdistrict has a mixed Sunni and Druze population and Beit Jinn contains a Druze religious shrine.
Nearby localities include Arnah to the north, Darbal to the northeast, Mazraat Beit Jinn to the east, Harfa to the southeast, and Hader to the southwest.
The Nahr al-Awaj river (ancient Pharpar) passes near the town.
Beit Jinn was visited by Andalusian geographer Ibn Jubayr in the late 12th century, during Ayyubid rule.
He noted that it was "a village between Darayyah and Baniyas lying among the hills."
In December 2017, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the village was a source of fighting between the Syrian Arab Armed Forces and the al-Qaeda-affiliated Levant Liberation Committee.
Following the Beit Jinn offensive of late 2017, the Syrian government took control of the area.
The local rebels surrendered and were allowed to leave.Georgetown International Academy
The Georgetown International Academy is a private, coeducational day school in Georgetown, Guyana.
It offers an educational program compatible with the United States system for nursery through grade 12.
The school has been in operation since 1971.
The school year comprises two semesters extending approximately from the end of August to the end of January and from the end of January to the middle of June.
The school is governed by a school board of seven members, elected by parents of the students for a two-year term.
The school is incorporated in Guyana and operates within the laws of Guyana.
The curriculum is largely that offered by United States elementary, middle and high schools, with additions intended to assist pupils in understanding Guyana and Caribbean geography and history.
Textbooks are current and are from major U.S. educational publishers.
The school is fully accredited by AdvancED (Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS)).
In the 2011–2012 school year, there were fourteen full-time and four part-time teachers, and three teaching assistants.
At the beginning of the 2011–2012 school year, enrollment was 95.
The school is located at 9-10 Delhi Street, Prashad Nagar, Georgetown, and housed in three buildings, one of which is undergoing extensive renovation.
The small campus includes classrooms a science lab, a computer lab, a school library, art and music rooms, physical education and an assembly/lunch area.
There are also two play areas including a new early-childhood play center.Mile-a-Minute Kendall
Mile-a-Minute Kendall is a lost American silent drama film directed by William Desmond Taylor originally released in 1918.
Jack Pickford plays the title role, a wealthy, rakish young man who falls for a gold-digger.
The "beautiful but unscrupulous fortune hunter" who tempts Kendall is played by Lottie Pickford, Jack's sister; a contemporary review in "Variety" noted that "the idea of a sister 'vamping' her own brother is not exactly
palatable."
Louise Huff plays the good girl in the story.
Good reviews marked the release of this film.
Pickford received excellent reviews for his performance which was described as "refreshing" by "Photoplay".
"Mile-a-Minute Kendall" was paired with the Mack Sennett comedy short "A Battle Royal" in some theaters during its original release.
Like many American films of the time, "Mile-a-Minute Kendall" was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards.
For example, the Chicago Board of Censors required cuts, in Reel 2, of the second view of a letter with the words "We'll always be friends on the side", two near views of intoxicated young woman seated on table smoking cigarettes, flash two scenes of semi-nude man and woman dancing in restaurant, first view of intoxicated young woman standing against wall, two scenes of bouncing young woman on tapestry and following scene of men carrying her off on their shoulders, scene of intoxicated woman on settee, and, Reel 4, the intertitle ending "That man has been her lover for years".Peak Pobeda, Sakha
Peak Pobeda (, "Victory") is a mountain in Sakha Republic, Russia.
At it is the highest peak of the Chersky Range.
Italian mountaineers Simone Moro and Tamara Lunger were the first to make a winter ascent of Peak Pobeda on February 12, 2018.
They reported that the temperature was about -40C at base camp when they made their ascent.
It is feared by the nomads living in the mountains, and no one will venture near it.Adrian Johnson
Adrian Johnson may refer to:Baldwin &amp; Pennington
Baldwin & Pennington was the architectural partnership with Ephraim Francis Baldwin (1837-1916) and Josias Pennington (1854-1929) based in Baltimore, Maryland.
The firm designed an incredibly large number of prominent structures throughout the Middle Atlantic region, especially as the "house architects" of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, including many of its stations and other late 19th century structures for the railroad.
Several of their works are listed on the United States' National Register of Historic Places, maintained by the National Park Service of the U.S. Department of the Interior.
Works include (with attribution):Scania 3-series (bus)
The Scania 3-series bus range was introduced by Scania in 1988 and was superseded by the 4-series bus range in 1999.
The model designation breakdown is as follows:
So "K113TLA" would be a left-hand drive tri-axle coach with independent front suspension, while "L113CRL" would be a right-hand drive two-axle citybus.
The F93 and F113 chassis had the engine mounted in front of the front axle.
These models were not sold in Europe.
These was made and sold in Argentina (only the F113) and Brazil (the two models).
The K93 and K113 were the most common chassis for coaches, with a longitudinally rear-mounted engine.
It was even available as the rare quad-axle K113TRB in Australia.
The S113 chassis had the engine mounted above the front axle.
It was not sold in Europe.
The S113 was discontinued in 1993.American Samoa national under-23 football team
The American Samoa national under-23 football team, also known as American Samoa U23, represents American Samoa at U23 tournaments.
The team is considered to be the feeder team for the American Samoa national football team.
They are controlled by the FFAS
American Samoa U23 made two appearances so far at the OFC U23 Championship.
They never reached any further than the Group Stage.
So far they also never won a game.
The OFC Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament is a tournament held once every four years to decide the only qualification spot for Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) and representatives at the Olympic Games.
The following players were called to the squad for the 2019 OFC Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament from 21 September - 5 October 2019.
"Caps and goals updated as of 27 September 2019 after the match against the ."HC Naisa Niš
HC Naisa Niš (Serbian Cyrillic:Женски рукометни клуб Наиса Ниш) is a women's handball club from Niš, Serbia.
Currently, HC Naisa Niš competes in the Handball League of Serbia.
Official website : http://www.zrknaisa.org.rs/index-e.htmlArchibald White
Archibald or Archie White may refer to:Frank Gaylord
Frank Chalfant Gaylord II (March 9, 1925 – March 21, 2018) was an American sculptor best known for "The Column", a sculptural tableau of United States soldiers and sailors which is part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C.
Gaylord was born in March 1925 to Richard and Thelma (Hamilton) Gaylord in Clarksburg, West Virginia.
He was named for his grandfather, Frank C. Gaylord.
He graduated from Washington Irving High School in Clarksburg.
Gaylord was drafted at the age of 18 into the United States Army.
He served in the 17th Airborne Division during World War II.
He saw action in Africa, Europe, and the Middle East, and was awarded the Bronze Star Medal.
During this time, he sketched many of the men he served with in the military.
He was wounded, and spent several months in military hospitals convalescing.
After being discharged from the Army at the end of the war, Gaylord attended the Carnegie Institute of Technology in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
He transferred to the Tyler School of Art at Temple University, where he received his Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1950.
Gaylord and his wife moved to Barre, Vermont, in 1951.
Interested in a career in sculpting granite, Gaylord apprenticed under noted Vermont sculptor Bruno Sarzanini.
Early in his career, Gaylord carved tombstones.
Over time, he received numerous commissions for life-sized and larger-than-life representational figures and figure groups throughout the United States and Canada.
In 1989 Frank became partners with his son-in-law John Triano.
John ran the business and Frank was able to focus on the art.
In 1990, Gaylord was selected to sculpt a field of 38 soldiers (later reduced to 19) for the Korean War Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C.
Some of the faces of the sculptures he created for the work (known as "The Column") are drawn from men he served with during World War II, including William A. Callaway and John Erdman.
In 2002, the United States Postal Service used a photograph of Gaylord's soldier sculptures for a stamp commemorating the Korean War.
Gaylord sued for copyright infringement in 2006.
The United States Court of Federal Claims denied his claim, but this was overturned by the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in "Gaylord v. United States", 595 F.3d 1364 (Fed.
Cir.
2010).
On remand, the Court of Federal Claims awarded Gaylord $5,000 in compensation.
But on appeal, the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit again vacated the decision and remanded the case back to the Court of Federal Claims for a new determination of damages based on what Gaylord and the Postal Service might have negotiated.
On September 20, 2013, The United States Court of Federal Claims awarded Gaylord $684,844.94 in damages.
Gaylord was married to Mary Cornwell.
The couple had three children, Leanne Gaylord Triano and Victoria Gaylord.
Also, his son, John Richard Gaylord died in 1962.
He has two grandchildren, Amy Triano Tefft M.D., her husband Cory, his great granddaughter Quinn Nicole Tefft, great grandson Theodore John Tefft, grandson John Triano and his wife Natalya .
Gaylord worked in a studio in Barre, Vermont.
Gaylord was honored for his work several times.
These recognitions include an honorary doctorate from Norwich University in Northfield, Vermont, in 1998 and the Governor's Award from the Vermont Council on the Arts in 2003.
Gaylord died at the Northfield, Vermont home of his daughter and son in law on March 21, 2018.
He was 93.
This is a partial list of Gaylord's works which have received public notice:Middlebury to Her Soldiers
Middlebury to Her Soldiers is a public artwork by American artists Marshall Jones and Seward Jones, located on the triangle between Merchant's Row and South Pleasant Street in Middlebury, VT, United States of America.
It was fabricated by the Jones Brothers Company of Barre, VT.
The granite sculpture consists of a figure in a Civil War uniform holding a flag in his proper right arm standing atop a multi-layered granite pedestal.
Figures depicting an artilleryman, a cavalryman, a marine, and an infantryman stand at the four corners of the pedestal's central section.
On the west side, the base is inscribed "Middlebury to Her Soldiers".
On the east side, the base is inscribed "Donated by S.A. Ilsley Erected 1905".
Neither the sculptures nor the base are signed by the artists.
The sculpture is made of a light, fine grained medium Barre granite from the Jones Brothers company's quarry.
It measures approximately 32 feet 1 inch high, with the base measuring approximately 2 feet 8 inches x 17 feet 6 inches x 17 feet 6 inches.
The sculpture has also been referred to as the Soldier's Monument, the Civil War Monument, the Ilsley Monument, and the Spanish American Monument.
The sculpture sits over a fire protection cistern which had been made obsolete after a water system had been installed in the village in 1902.
The sculpture was commissioned by Silas A. Ilsley (13 March 1840 – 9 January 1918) on 18 November 1904.
Ilsley had served in the New York infantry during the Civil War and moved to Middlebury in 1901 following his retirement from the tinware business in Brooklyn, NY.
He donated the monument to the town of Middlebury and the sculpture was dedicated 30 May 1905.
The celebration of the dedication was reportedly attended by 7,000 people and included speeches, a parade, and fireworks.
Marshall Jones and Seward Jones designed the sculpture which was fabricated by the Jones Brothers Company, founded in Boston, MA in 1882 and began operations in Barre, VT in 1886.
The company's granite shed, now the home of the Vermont Granite Museum, is considered significant by the Vermont Division for Historic Preservation and was named one of "America's Treasures" by the United States Department of the Interior.
This sculpture was documented as needing conservation treatment in 1992 as part of Save Outdoor Sculpture!, a campaign organized by Heritage Preservation: The National Institute of Conservation in partnership with the Smithsonian Institution, specifically the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Throughout the 1990s, over 7,000 volunteers cataloged and assessed the condition of over 30,000 publicly accessible statues, monuments, and sculptures installed as outdoor public art across the United States.
In Vermont, the survey was sponsored by the Vermont Museum and Gallery Alliance from 1992-1993 where 110 volunteers surveyed 242 sculptures dating from 1740 to 1993.
The archives from the project are maintained by the Vermont Historical Society.Mandy Santos
Mandy Santos, (Also known as Mandy Diaz, born in London, England), is a Spanish singer, songwriter and producer.
Santos was featured on the track "Gimme the Base", which was released in 2011 through Novaemusik (owned by Carlos Jean).
Santos made a few collaborations in the electronic music scene like "Midnight", released in 2011 through Novaemusik and "Animal", released in September 2012 through Blanco y Negro Records.
Nowadays she is working to Sony/ATV Music Publishing and recording her first album.
Santos appeared in the second season of La Voz, the Spanish adaptation of the Dutch TV show.
In the blind auditions she sang ""When I Was Your Man"" (Bruno Mars' song).
Santos was chosen by the four coaches (Malú, Antonio Orozco, Rosario Flores and David Bisbal) and she chose Malú.
In 2016 she signed with a different label, and changed her name to Mandy Díaz.Bobby Beattie
Robert Beattie (born 24 January 1916 – 21 September 2002) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Kilwinning Rangers, Kilmarnock, Preston North End and Wigan Athletic.
He also represented Scotland once, in 1938.
Beattie started his senior career with Kilmarnock and scored 43 goals in 120 Scottish Football League appearances for the club.
He was sold to Preston North End in October 1937 for £2,500.
He joined a club which already had several Scottish players, including Andy Beattie and Bill Shankly.
During his first season with the club, Beattie was part of the team that won the 1938 FA Cup Final.
Competitive football stopped due to the Second World War, but Beattie continued to play for Preston when the Football League resumed in 1946–47 and did not leave the club until 1953.
He made a total of 264 appearances in the Football League, scoring 49 goals.
He finished his career with Wigan Athletic, appearing 19 times in the Lancashire Combination and scoring five times.List of Yorkshire cricket captains
Yorkshire County Cricket Club was officially founded on 8 January 1863 and its team was elevated to first-class status in the same year.
It is one of eighteen county teams in England and Wales that play first-class cricket.
The player appointed club captain leads the team in all fixtures except if unavailable.Amir Tahmouresi
Amir Tahmouresi (; born April 8, 1991) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Rah Ahan in the Iran's Premier Football League.
Tahmouresi started his career with Bargh Shiraz.
In summer 2011 he joined Rah Ahan by the coach, Ali Daei.
Last Update 11 May 2012
Amir Tahmouresi at Persianleague.comChristos Mikes
Christos Mikes (born 23 September 1971 in Patras) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a defender.
Mikes started his career with Zavlani.
In 1989, he moved to Panachaiki, in where he played the next seven years.
In 1996, he went to Kalamata and four years later, he moved to Ionikos.
The seasons 2003-04 and 2004-05 he played in Chalkidona F.C.
and the season 2005-06 he played in Atromitos after the merge of two clubs.
The next season, he moved to Veria, in where remained only one season.
The next years he continued in lower leagues, in Achilleas Kamaron and Niki Proastiou.
He had won the 1997 World Military Cup, with Greek national teamDobri Dol, Sopište
Dobri Dol (Macedonian Cyrillic: Добри Дол )is a village in Sopište Municipality, near the Republic of Macedonia's capital city, Skopje.
In the village Dobri Dol there are 431 people living and:John Corcoran (Medal of Honor)
John Corcoran (June 24, 1842 - December 2, 1915) was an American soldier who received the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.
Corcoran served in the Union Army in the 1st Rhode Island Light Artillery for the Union Army.
He received the Medal of Honor on November 2, 1887 for his actions at the Third Battle of Petersburg.
Citation:
Was one of a detachment of 20 picked artillerymen who voluntarily accompanied an infantry assaulting party, and who turned upon the enemy the guns captured in the assault.Maria de las Mercedes Santa Cruz y Montalvo
Maria de las Mercedes Santa Cruz y Montalvo, (1789 Havana - 1852 Paris) was a Cuban author.
When fourteen years old she sailed with her parents for Spain, and finished her education in Madrid.
In 1810, Santa Cruz y Montalvo married the French general, Antoine Christophe Merlin, and, in 1813 when the French troops left Spain, she went to Paris.
There she soon became well known in French society and her home was the resort of persons eminent in science, literature, and art.
In 1840 Santa Cruz y Montalvo made a visit to her native city, but in 1842 she returned again to her adopted country, where she had already obtained a reputation by her literary labors.
Her most important works are "Mis doce primeros anos" (Paris, 1833); "Memoires d'une Creole" (1835); "Ocios de una mujer de gran mundo" (1837); "L'esclavage aux colonies Espagnoles" (1840); "La Havane" (3 vols., 1842); "Les lionnes de Paris" (1845); and "Le due d'Athenes" (1848).
Many of her works have been translated into several European languages; some of them were written originally in Spanish, though the majority were in French.Fur Tor
Standing above the headwaters of the River Tavy, Fur Tor {UK National Grid reference 588831} is described by William Crossing as "perhaps the grandest of the Dartmoor tors, for while there are some that rise much higher above the ground than the loftiest of the piles here, and also exhibit finer rock masses, there is none that covers so large an area, or whose surroundings are of the desolate character as those upon which this lonely tor looks down."Enter Wildthyme
Enter Wildthyme is a novel by Paul Magrs featuring the characters of Iris Wildthyme and her companion, Panda.
It is the first in a series of Iris Wildthyme novels, published by Snowbooks.Skal vi danse?
(season 8)
The eighth season of "Skal vi danse?"
started on 8 September 2012.
The best and worst performances in each dance according to the judges' marks are as follows:
The celebrities and professional partners danced one of these routines for each corresponding week.
The table below lists the order in which the contestants' fates were revealed.
The order of the safe couples doesn't reflect the viewer voting results.Montezuma Fuller
Montezuma Fuller (1858–1925) was an American architect.
He was the "most notable architect in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries" of Fort Collins, Colorado.
He was born November 13, 1858 in Nova Scotia.
In 1880 he came to Fort Collins, Colorado and worked for local contractors.
He became known as a "'carpenter and builder'" and eventually "developed a reputation as an 'architect' although he still had no formal training in that field."
A number of his works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:
A biography, "Montezuma W. Fuller: A history of his life and architectural practice", by Elizabeth A Bacon, is out of print.SS Stella
Several steamships have borne the name Stella:Bjarne Jensen
Bjarne Jensen may refer to:Thomas Cosgrove
Thomas Cosgrove (June 12, 1829 – March 27, 1912) was an Irish soldier who received the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.
Cosgrove joined the Army from Stoughton, Massachusetts in August 1862, and mustered out with his regiment in June 1865.
He received the Medal of Honor on November 7, 1896 for his actions at Drewry's Bluff, Virginia.
Citation:
Individually demanded and received the surrender of 7 armed Confederates concealed in a cellar, disarming and marching them in as prisoners of war.Daniel Gerdes
Daniel Gerdes () (19 April 1698, Bremen – 11 February 1765) was a German Calvinist theologian and historian.
He became professor at the University of Duisburg in 1726, and at the University of Groningen in 1736.
While broadly supporting Protestant freedom of conscience, Gerdes drew a line in his attacks on the Mennonite minister Johannes Stinstra.
In that case Gerdes used the views of Samuel Werenfels, tolerant and well thought of by Benjamin Hoadley, to condemn Stinstra.Hauts-de-Seine's 12th constituency
The 12th constituency of the Hauts-de-Seine is a French legislative constituency in the Hauts-de-Seine "département".
It is represented in the XIVth legislature by the socialist Jean-Marc Germain.
Hauts-de-Seine's 12th Constituency lies in the south east of the department.
Politically the seat has favoured the right, however it has elected left wing deputies on three occasions; 1967, 1981 and 2012.Giannis Mallous
Giannis Mallous (born 7 February 1974 in Dortmund, Germany) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a Defender.
Mallous started his career in Agia Triada and later he played in Philippos Melikis.
In 1994, he moved to Veria, with which he played in A Ethniki, when his team promoted in A Ethniki.
In 1999, he went to Aris Thessaloniki, in where he played five and half seasons.
Mallous played with Aris in UEFA cup and the Greek cup final.
In summer of 2004 he returned in Veria and the following year he went to Agrotikos Asteras, in where he stopped his career, in 2009.Vernonia arkansana
Vernonia arkansana (also known as Arkansas ironweed and great ironweed) is a species of perennial plant from family Asteraceae found in south-central United States.
The plant is high and wide.
The flowers bloom from August to September and are pink-purple coloured.
It (or its cultivar(s)) is a recipient of the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
The plant is pollinated by various insects such as bees, butterflies, and skippers.
The same fauna representatives also collect nectar.
Bees like "Melissodes vernoniae" are frequent visitors to "Vernonia" plants in general.
Another special guest the species attract is "Aphis vernoniae", an aphid that prefers to suck on juice of the species.
Various caterpillars of moths also enjoy the feeding.
Birds on the other hand, don't feed on it, due to hard seeds, and small amount of pollen left (for hummingbirds).
Herbevorian mammals are also avoiding the plant due to the bitter foliage it grows as.Bruce Martin
Bruce Martin may refer to:Francis S. Thayer
Francis Samuel Thayer (September 11, 1822 in Dummerston, Windham County, Vermont – November 26, 1880 in Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado) was an American merchant and politician from New York.
He was the son of Adin Thayer (1785–1858) and Mary (Ball) Thayer.
He went to Hoosick Falls, New York, in the summer of 1841.
Then he attended Cambridge Academy for four months, and during the winter of 1841–42 taught school in North Bennington, Vermont.
In the spring of 1842, he removed to Troy, New York, and became a clerk in a flour store.
After five years, he was made a partner, and engaged extensively in the flour and milling business.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (12th D.) from 1868 to 1871, sitting in the 91st, 92nd, 93rd and 94th New York State Legislatures.
He was the only Republican who voted against the Tweed Charter.
At the New York state election, 1873, he ran on the Republican ticket for Secretary of State of New York, but was defeated by Democrat Diedrich Willers, Jr. Thayer was Auditor of the Canal Department from April 15, 1874, to December 28, 1875, when he was suspended, in connection with the canal investigation.
He resigned the office on January 11, 1876.
He went to Colorado Springs, hoping to find relief from his asthma, and died there.
He was buried at the Oakwood Cemetery in Troy.
Canal Commissioner Adin Thayer (1816–1890) was his brother.Mariusz Stępiński
Mariusz Paweł Stępiński (; born 12 May 1995) is a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A side Verona on loan from Chievo.
Born in Sieradz, Poland, Stępiński started his career playing for youth sides Piast Błaszki and Pogoń-Ekolog Zduńska Wola.
In 2011, he signed for Ekstraklasa club Widzew Łódź, going on to make 33 appearances and scoring five goals over two seasons.
On 5 June 2013, Stępiński signed for German Bundesliga club 1.
FC Nürnberg on a three-year contract.
As of 2016, Stępinski plays for FC Nantes in the French Ligue 1.
On 31 August 2017, he was loaned to Italian side Chievo.
On 2 September 2019, he signed for Verona.
The deal is a loan from Chievo with obligation to buy at the end of the loan.
Stępiński represented Poland at various youth levels.
He made his first senior appearance on 2 February 2013 in an international friendly against Romania.
Poland won 4–1, with Stępiński being subbed on in the 84th minute.
He also played at the 2012 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship.
He was selected as part of the senior squad for the UEFA Euro 2016.Charlotte Henshaw
Charlotte Henshaw (born 16 January 1987) is a former British Paralympic swimmer.
She competed in SB6, SM8 and S8 category events, representing Great Britain in both the 2011 IPC World Championships and the 2012 Summer Paralympics, winning a silver medal in both championships, followed by a bronze at the 2016 Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro.
In early 2017, Henshaw announced her retirement from swimming to become a competitive paracanoeist.
Starting canoe-training in late 2016, she made her international debut at the European Champions in Bulgaria - winning a silver medal - and the World championships in the Czech Republic during 2017.
The 2018 season saw Henshaw add both World Cup & European Silver during May and June.
Henshaw competed at her 2nd Paracanoe World Championships in August 2018.
She won bronze in the VL3 200m and became World Champion in the KL2 200m - her first international Paracanoe title.
Henshaw was born in Mansfield, England in 1987.
She was born with bilateral tibial hypoplasia - her lower legs were under-developed, which resulted in her legs being amputated above the knee when she was 18 months old.
She began swimming at the age of four, and progressed through Nottinghamshire swimming development system before joining the Nova Centurion swimming club at the age of 12.
She first represented Great Britain at the age of 16 when she swam at the Danish Open.
In 2005 she moved to Scotland to study Psychology and Sports Studies at the University of Stirling.
While at Stirling she combined her studies with training, and was selected to represent Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
At Beijing she competed in just one event, the SB6 100m breaststroke, and posted a time of 1:45.28 to come in fourth.
Henshaw's next major tournament was the 2009 IPC European Championship.
She entered the S8 400m freestyle, the SM8 200m individual medley and the SB6 100m breaststroke, taking the gold medal in the breastroke in a time of 1:40.50.
She also took gold at the 2009 British Championships in the 100m breaststroke.
The next year she was part of the Great Britain team at the IPC World Championship, and in the heats of the 100m breaststroke she recorded the fastest time.
In the finals, despite finishing in 1:39.74, she finished in second place to take the silver.
At the 2010 British Championships, Henshaw failed to defend her gold, finishing second in the 100m breaststroke, despite recording a time over five seconds quicker than the previous year.
In 2011 Henshaw represented Great Britain at the IPC European Championships.
She finished 5th in the S8 400m freestyle, 4th in the SM8 200m individual medley and won the silver in the SB6 100m breaststroke.
Henshaw was back in the British team in 2012 when she was selected for her second Paralympics, this time on home-soil in London.
She entered two events, the 400m Freestyle (S8) and the 100m Breaststroke (SB6).
In her first event, the 400m freestyle, she failed to make it through the heats, finishing 12th.
On the morning of the 5 September Henshaw set a new Paralympic record with a time of 1:39.64 in the qualifying heat of the 100m breaststroke.
The final, held in the afternoon session, saw Henshaw in a close race with Viktoriia Savtsova of the Ukraine, and although both athletes broke Henshaw's new record, Savtsova took gold by 0.03 seconds.Stanley Gilbert Pickard
Flight Lieutenant Stanley Gilbert Pickard DFM (25 December 1913 – 1995) was a Royal Air Force pilot active in World War II.
He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal.
Pickard was promoted from Flight Sergeant to Pilot Officer on probation (emergency) on 24
March 1943, to Flying Officer on probation (war subs.)
on 24 September 1943 and to Flight Lieutenant (war subs.)
on 25 March 1945.Robert K. Evans
Brigadier General Robert Kennon Evans (November 19, 1852 – July 31, 1926) was a United States Army officer who served in several high-profile assignments, including Chief of the National Guard Bureau and commander of the Hawaiian Department.
Robert Kennon Evans was born in Jackson, Mississippi on November 19, 1852.
He attended the University of Mississippi, graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1875, and received his commission as a second lieutenant of Infantry.
Initially assigned to the 12th Infantry, Evans served with the regiment until 1898, receiving promotion to first lieutenant in 1882 and captain in 1893.
From 1887 to 1898 Evans was the regimental adjutant.
During his service with the 12th Infantry Evans was assigned to a variety of posts, including California, Kansas, North Dakota, and numerous sites in Arizona, and New York.
He was a veteran of the Nez Perce War and the Bannock War.
During the Spanish–American War he served in Cuba and took part in the Battles of El Caney and San Juan Hill.
During his service with the 12th Infantry Evans also performed detached duty, including Military Attache at the U.S. Embassy in Berlin, Germany.
In 1901 Evans was promoted to major in the 30th Infantry, and was soon reassigned to the 12th Infantry, while performing duty with the Army's Adjutant General department.
In 1905 he was promoted to lieutenant colonel in the 5th Regiment and 28th Infantry, and performed duty with the Army General Staff.
In 1908 and 1909 Evans was Director of the Army War College and served as acting President.
Evans was promoted to colonel in 1909 and assigned to the 30th Infantry, where he served until 1911.
In 1911 Evans was promoted to brigadier general and selected to serve as Chief of the Militia Bureau, the forerunner of the National Guard Bureau.
After leaving the Militia Bureau in 1912 Evans continued to serve in command assignments, including the Department of the Gulf (1912–1914), the Department of the East (1914), the 2nd Infantry Brigade in Laredo, Texas (1914 to 1916), and the Hawaiian Department in 1916.
Evans took temporary command of the Department of the East in March, 1914, succeeding Major General Thomas Barry.
In late June 1914, during a speech he gave in New York City, he made comments critical of President Woodrow Wilson's foreign policy.
Evans was reprimanded for his comments, promptly replaced by Major General Leonard Wood, and given orders to command the 2nd Infantry Brigade in Texas, a lower profile assignment than the Department of the East.
Evans retired in 1916.
In 1917 he volunteered for World War I, was recalled to active duty and assigned as commander of the Philippine Department, where he served until 1918.
He retired again in 1918.
Evans was awarded the Silver Star twice, once for heroism at El Caney and once for heroism while fighting insurgents in Luzon.
He received the Distinguished Service Medal at his retirement.
A noted author of articles on military subjects, Evans's published works included "The Indian Question in Arizona" ("Atlantic Monthly", August, 1886); and "The Infantry of Our Regular Army, Its History, Possibilities and Necessities" (Monographs of the U.S. Infantry Society, 1898).
In retirement Evans lived in Washington, D.C., and later relocated to Camaldoli, Italy, where he died on July 31, 1926.
He was buried in Rome, Italy's Campo Cestio.
In 1880, Evans married Jane Findlay Shunk (1859-1938), a daughter of Rebekah Black and James F. Shunk, and a granddaughter of Jeremiah S. Black.
They were the parents of a son, Hornsby Evans (1883-1932).Gulnara Gabelia
Gulnara Gabelia is a Georgian football striker currently playing in the Kazakhstani Championship for BIIK Kazygurt.
She previously for in her country for Norchi Dinamoeli, with which she made her Champions League debut in July 2009.
She is a member of the Georgian national team.List of historic places in Battleford
This article is a list of historic places in Battleford, Saskatchewan entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.List of historic places in Moose Jaw
This article is a list of historic places in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.Babi Dewet
Bárbara "Babi" Dewet (born December 30, 1986) is a Brazilian novelist and author of the Sábado à Noite Trilogy.
Originally a McFly FanFiction, Babi started publishing her work independently after readers' requests and sold 1,000 copies in less than a year.
In 2011, her book was picked up by a Publisher, Generale, and is now set to become a Trilogy with the second volume published in 2013 and the last one in 2014.
In 2015, Babi released "Um Ano Inesquecivel" through Gutenberg Publisher alongside popular teen novelists Paula Pimenta, Bruna Vieira and Thalita Rebouças.
She wrote a short story about love during autumn, and this book was in a bestselling list for months in Brazil.
Her next book trilogy is called "Cidade da Música" and each volume will feature independent stories and characters that live in a music conservatory.
Babi also hosts pop culture events and has a YouTube channel about books and KPop.List of historic places in Prince Albert
This article is a list of historic places in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.List of historic places in rural municipalities of Saskatchewan
This article is a list of historic places in rural municipalities of the province of Saskatchewan entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.List of historic places in Regina
This article is a list of historic places in Regina, Saskatchewan entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.List of historic places in Saskatoon
This article is a list of historic places in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal...Kitandililo
Kitandililo is a town and ward in Njombe Rural District in the Njombe Region of the Tanzanian Southern Highlands.
Kitandililo Ward was created since the 2002 Tanzanian census, so the first population reports for the ward will be for the 2012 census.
The town lies on both the north and south banks of the Mlenga River, and there is a station there on the TAZARA Railway which passes through the town.
The ward consists of four towns, or large villages: Kitandililo, Ibatu, Nyamande and Mbugani.
Each of these has rural areas or small villages under them.
www.tansaniahilfe-ismaning.deBurton Phillips
Burton Earnest "Whitey" Phillips (May 20, 1912 – July 28, 1999) was an American criminal, convicted of bank robbery and kidnapping.
He was subsequently sentenced to life in prison He robbed $2,090 (equivalent to $38,663 in 2019) from the Chandler Bank of Lyons in Kansas in February 1935, before taking the cashier and his assistant hostage and driving away in a stolen car with an accomplice.
He was initially sent to Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary and had planned on overpowering the sheriff and obtaining his weapons before escaping and robbing the same bank again.
He was assessed as a dangerous criminal who would be more secure at Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary.
He was sent to Alcatraz on October 26, 1935.
Phillips was a malicious, angry character, and was noted by the Alcatraz staff upon arrival.
In 1937, he savagely attacked the Warden of Alcatraz James A. Johnston in the Dining Hall from behind and beat him until he was restrained; Johnston was 63 at the time and Phillips around 24.
Phillips was said to have been angry at Johnston over a worker's strike.
His attack was described as a "queer mental quirk".
He died in Kansas in 1999.Acrolophus dorsimacula
Acrolophus dorsimacula is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.
It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1900.
It is found in North America.Brașov Olympic Ice Rink
The Brașov Olympic Ice Rink () is a multi-purpose ice rink in Brașov, Romania.
Located at number 5 Turnului Street which is 5 minutes walking distance from the railway station and easily accessible by public transportation, it was opened in January 2010.
The construction of the rink began on 16 May 2008.
The proposed location was the Sports Park (then Tractorul Park), 730 metres north-west, in the place of a disused artificial pond.
The rink was inaugurated on the 18 January 2010, with the goal of hosting competitions at the 2013 European Youth Olympic Winter Festival.
The ice rink was first tested on 18 February 2010 by Tanja Szewczenko and Norman Jeschke and officially later that day with an ice hockey game between Corona Brașov and Steaua Rangers.
There are three general areas:
The possibility exists to extend the seating capacity for special events, in which case the hall could host a total of over 2,000 people, including 400 standing.
The temperature in the spectator area is usually around 16 degrees Celsius, and that of the ice can range, depending on the event, between –6 (for figure skating) to –15 (for hockey).
The ice is levelled using an Olympia ice resurfacer built by Resurfice Corporation.
The rink contains removable tribunes and the locker rooms can be used simultaneously by 120 athletes.
Also, the necessary material equipments have been executed, such as furniture, displaying and sounding system, ventilation equipments and refrigerating systems.Acrolophus exaphrista
Acrolophus exaphrista is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.
It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1919.
It is found in North America.Sleep (rapper)
Christopher Tafoya (born June 2, 1976), better known by his stage name Sleep or Sleep of Oldominion, is an American hip hop artist from Farmington, New Mexico, who is currently based in Portland, Oregon.
He is a founding member of the Pacific Northwest hip hop collective Oldominion and hip hop duo The Chicharones alongside Josh Martinez.
He is currently signed to Strange Famous Records.
Tafoya grew up in the small town community of Farmington, New Mexico.
He is of Mexican descent.
At the age of 5, Sleep was already rapping and b-boying with his friends and relatives in the small town, with himself naming Run DMC as an important influence when he first began.
In addition to the hip hop he heard early on, his father was a former bass player for blues musician Gatemouth Brown, and would play a wide array of music, from Mariachi, to Blues, to Rock.
Sleep also grew up with seven other brothers who all played musical instruments and had a grandfather who was also a multi instrumentalist.
Entering the world of rap, he felt that his talents as both an MC and a writer were overly slept on, hence the creation of his name Sleep.
Growing up in New Mexico, Sleep went to the same school as Onry Ozzborn, which led them to meet Pale Soul.
Together, they formed the group Oraclez Creed, which would later become Oldominion after combining with Frontline (Destro, Nyqwil, and Snafu).
After the join, the massive Pacific Northwest hip hop collective grew to over twenty members.
Sleep released his debut album, "Riot by Candlelight", in 2002.
Following the release, he was heavily involved in the multiple albums by Oldominion.
In 2001, Sleep met Canadian rapper Josh Martinez by chance encounter at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas.
Together, the two would create the hip hop duo "The Chicharones."
Sleep's second album, "Christopher", was released in 2005 (and then re-released with bonus tracks in 2009).
Leading up to 2009, Sleep had contacted Sage Francis in an attempt to receive a feature for his upcoming album, which eventually led to his signing to Sage's independent label Strange Famous Records.
In 2009, Sleep released his third solo album, "Hesitation Wounds."
It features verses from Grayskul and Del the Funky Homosapien as well as production from likes of Zavala and Reanimator, among others.
Sleep's fourth solo album, "Oregon Failure", was released on April 15, 2014 on Strange Famous Records as well.
The entire album is produced by Maulskull and has features from Onry Ozzborn and Ceschi, among others.
Sleep's style has been described as "having intricate rhyme schemes and rapid-fire delivery," with his lyrics being both witty and personal.Fabrizio Barca
Fabrizio Barca (born 8 March 1954) is an Italian senior civil servant and politician, who served as a state minister without portfolio for territorial cohesion in the Monti cabinet from 2011 to 2013.
Barca was born in Turin, the son of a senior member of the old Italian Communist Party (PCI).
He is a graduate of La Sapienza University of Rome.
Barca obtained a MPhil in economics from King's College, Cambridge in 1979.
He also carried out research activities at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) from 1989 to 1990 and at Stanford University in 1994.
Barca is a lecturer in corporate finance and Italian economy history.
He worked as a lecturer at the universities of Bocconi, Modena, Paris (SPO), Siena, Rome and Parma.
Barca often taught economic development, corporate finance and Italian economic history at these universities.
He carried out an interesting study on the Mezzogiorno.
Barca's public posts included the division chief at the research department of the Bank of Italy, chief of the department of development and cohesion policies at the treasury and the president of OECD's territorial policies committee (1999).
During his tenure at the Italian treasury, he worked with Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, then treasure minister.
In fact, Ciampi appointed Barca to this position.
The reason for his appointment was his being part of young leading Italian economists in the 1990s and his reputation which he had gained during his tenure at the Bank of Italy.
He worked as a special advisor to the European Union commissioner responsible for regional policy.
In April 2009, he developed an independent report for the European Commission, entitled "An agenda for a reformed cohesion policy".
In addition, Barca was the director of the department of development policies in the ministry of economy and finance until his appointment as minister in 2011.
On 16 November 2011, he was appointed minister of territorial cohesion to the cabinet led by prime minister Mario Monti.
In July 2012, Barca endorsed and launched a new website that was Italy's first national web portal concerning the implementation of investments covering the period of 2007-2013 by regions and state central administrations along with cohesion policy resources.
All data therein were published as open data, which makes it Italy's largest open data project.
Barca's tenure ended on 28 April 2013, and he was succeeded by Carlo Trigilia in the post.
Just before leaving office, Barca joined the Democratic Party in April 2013.
In 2014 Barca published his memoir in which he described the party he desired.Acrolophus filicornis
Acrolophus filicornis is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.
It was described by Walsingham in 1887.
It is found in North America, including Arizona.German submarine U-390
German submarine "U-390" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out three patrols before being sunk by British warships in July 1944 in the English Channel.
She was a member of four wolfpacks.
She sank one auxiliary warship of and damaged a merchant ship of .
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines.
"U-390" had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged.
She had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of .
The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Garbe, Lahmeyer & Co. RP 137/c double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged.
She had two shafts and two propellers.
The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of .
When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at .
"U-390" was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, 220 rounds, and two twin C/30 anti-aircraft guns.
The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
The submarine was laid down on 6 December 1941 at the Howaldtswerke yard at Kiel as yard number 21, launched on 23 January 1943 and commissioned on 13 March under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Heinz Geissler.
The boat's first patrol was divided into two parts; the first part was brief.
It started in Kiel and terminated in Bergen.
Part two began in Bergen on 7 December 1942 and took in the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands.
The submarine then docked at St. Nazaire in occupied France on 13 February 1944.
"U-390"s second foray was relatively uneventful; starting from St. Nazaire but finishing further north, at Brest.
The U-boat's third and final sortie began three weeks after the Normandy landings.
She attacked and sank the British anti-submarine trawler .
She also damaged the "Sea Porpoise" about off Utah beach; both on 5 July 1944.
On the same day, she was sunk by depth charges dropped by two other British ships: the destroyer and the frigate .
Forty-eight men died in "U-390"; there was one survivor.
"U-390" took part in four wolfpacks, namely.Darren Wilson
Darren Wilson may refer to:Acrolophus forbesi
Acrolophus forbesi is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.
It was described by Hasbrouck in 1964.
It is found in North America, including Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Texas.
The wingspan is about 17 mm.Manin Armored Brigade
The 132nd Armored Brigade "Manin" was a short-lived armored brigade of the Italian Army based in the country's North-East.
Its core units were Tank and Bersaglieri battalions from the disbanded 132nd Tank Regiment of the 132nd Armored Division "Ariete".
The brigade's headquarters was in the city of Aviano and the brigade's name honored the Italian unification hero Daniele Manin
The brigade was activated during a major reorganization of the Italian Army: in 1975 the regimental level was abolished and battalions came under direct command of newly formed multi-arms brigades.
On 1 October 1975 the 132nd Armored Brigade "Manin" was activated along with the 32nd Armored Brigade "Mameli" followed one month later by the 8th Mechanized Brigade "Garibaldi".
To form the "Manin" the 132nd Tank Regiment of the "Ariete" Armored Division was reorganized and elevated to brigade.
The "Ariete" Armored Division was part of the 5th Army Corps based in North-Eastern Italy.
The 5th Army Corps was tasked with defending the Yugoslav-Italian border against possible attacks by either the Warsaw Pact, or Yugoslavia or both.
The "Ariete" Armored Division was the corps' armored reserve.
The brigade's authorized strength was 3,381 men (214 Officers, 516 non-commissioned officers and 2,651 soldiers) and it consisted initially of the following units:
During 1986 the Italian Army abolished the divisional level and brigades, that until then had been under one of the Army's four divisions, came forthwith under direct command of the Army's 3rd or 5th Army Corps.
As the Armored Division "Ariete" carried a historically significant name, the division ceased to exist on 30 September in Pordenone and the next day the command of the 132nd Armored Brigade "Manin" moved from Aviano to Pordenone and changed its name to 132nd Armored Brigade "Ariete" and the name "Manin" was stricken from the roll of active units of the Italian Army.Acrolophus furcatus
Acrolophus furcatus is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.
It was described by Walsingham in 1887.
It is found in North America, including Arizona, California and
Texas.R. Keith McCormick
R. Keith McCormick (born June 17, 1954) is an American chiropractor and modern pentathlete who represented the United States at the 1976 Summer Olympics, as an alternate.
He is a certified chiropractic sports physician and author of the 2009 book "The Whole-Body Approach to Osteoporosis".
McCormick was born in Waynesboro, Pennsylvania and later earned his bachelor's degree in Human Biology at Stanford University and his doctorate at the National College of Chiropractic.
While at Stanford, McCormick competed on the cross-country and fencing teams along with competing in the World Modern Pentathlon Championships during his junior year.
Since 1982 McCormick has been a Doctor of Chiropractic in the states of Massachusetts, Colorado, and California.
McCormick is also a Sports Chiropractic Physician who treats collegiate, high school and recreational athletes in Western Massachusetts.
As a response to his personal history with severe osteoporosis, McCormick founded OsteoNaturals, LLC to develop supplements that could provide therapeutic levels of effective ingredients to target bone health.
McCormick continues to compete in triathlons in all distances including Ironman Triathlons.
McCormick placed 7th in his age group in the 2010 and 9th in his age group in 2011 70.3 Ironman Triathlon World Championships.Zac Dysert
Zac Dysert (born February 8, 1990) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent.
He played college football for the Miami RedHawks.
He was selected by the Denver Broncos in the seventh round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
Zac Dysert is the son of Greg and Carla Dysert.
He attended Ada High School in Ada, Ohio.
During his high school football career, he threw for 11,174 yards, which ranks second all-time in Ohio prep history, and passed for 100 touchdowns, including 35 as a senior, for the Bulldogs.
He twice led Ada High School to the state playoffs, including a 2007 state semifinal appearance.
Dysert played collegiately at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.
He was redshirted as a freshman in 2008.
He took over as the starting quarterback in 2009 and completed 247 of 401 passes for 2,611 yards with 12 touchdowns and 16 interceptions.
As a sophomore in 2010, he played in 10 games, missing three due to a lacerated spleen.
He finished his sophomore season with 2,406 passing yards and 13 touchdowns.
As a junior, he completed 295 of 448 passes for 3,513 yards with 23 touchdowns and 11 interceptions.
On November 3, 2012, Dysert became Miami's career passing leader, surpassing former RedHawk and current Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger in a 27-24 loss to the Buffalo Bulls.
He ended his career at Miami with 12,013 passing yards.
He earned a bachelor's degree from Miami in December 2012.
"Source":
Dysert was a quarterback prospect for the 2013 NFL Draft.
He was selected by the Denver Broncos in the seventh round (234th overall) and the ninth quarterback drafted (one of the smallest quarterback classes in draft history).
He signed a rookie contract for four years and $2,208,000 with a $48,200 signing bonus.
He earned a spot on the Broncos' 53-man roster as a backup to Peyton Manning and Brock Osweiler.
For the 2014 season, Dysert remained a member of the Broncos' practice squad.
On August 31, 2015, Dysert was cut from the Broncos.
On September 1, 2015, he was claimed by the Chicago Bears.
He was waived by the Bears on September 6.
Dysert was claimed off waivers by the Houston Texans on September 6, 2015 and added to their practice team.
On November 24, Dysert was released from the team.
Dysert was signed to the practice squad of the Buffalo Bills on December 21, 2015.
Dysert was signed to a reserve/futures contract by the Miami Dolphins on January 19, 2016.
On September 3, Dysert was released by the team.
On September 4, 2016, Dysert was signed to the Arizona Cardinals' practice squad.
On October 3, he was promoted to the Cardinals' active roster.
He was released by the team on October 10, and re-signed to the practice squad two days later.
He was promoted to the active roster on December 13.
On March 7, 2017, Dysert re-signed with the Cardinals.
On June 2, he was waived by the Cardinals.
On June 5, 2017, Dysert was claimed off waivers by the Dallas Cowboys to replace rookie quarterback Austin Appleby, who was having problems with the center exchanges during practices.
On July 26, it was reported that Dysert would miss the entire upcoming season, due to a herniated disc he suffered while reaching for a bag.
He was waived/injured on July 28 and was placed on the injured reserve list on July 31.
The injury forced the team to sign quarterback Luke McCown on July 28.Xavier Gold Rush and Gold Nuggets
The Xavier Gold Rush (men's teams) and Gold nuggets (women's teams) represent Xavier University of Louisiana in intercollegiate athletics.
The University is a Division I member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) and the Gulf Coast Athletic Conference.
Gulf Coast Athletic Conference Outdoor Champions (5): 2015, 2014, 2013, 2011, 2004
Black College National Championships Appearances, Collegiate All Girls (2): first place in 2004, second place in 2003
Black College National Championships Appearances (2): fourth place in 2004, third place in 2003
Xavier University formerly sponsored a varsity football team starting in 1925.
In 1955, Xavier played the Keesler Air Force Base team in Louisiana's first integrated college football game.
The team's last season was 1959 and the program was disbanded in 1960 along with all sports at the university.
The team played at the XU Football Field located in Xavier Stadium.
The Xavier University Academic Convocation Center opened in November 2012.
The 97,000 square-foot multipurpose facility replaced The Barn (Xavier's 1,300-seat gymnasium which opened in 1937) and became the new home of XU men's basketball, women's basketball and women's volleyball.
The 3,937-seat facility includes a hospitality suite, a student-athlete fitness center, a media/video room, a theatre-style meeting space, and a state-of-the-art athletic training facility.
The arena contains state-of-the-art sound, lighting and high-definition Daktronics video boards for spectator comfort.
The Convocation Center also plays host to many classes, graduations, sporting and community events.
As part of the growth of the Xavier main campus as well as the athletics department, the Convocation Center Annex project was completed in 2012.
The facility, located adjacent to the Convocation Center, is an academic building featuring several classrooms, reception and lecture spaces, meeting spaces, and administrative offices of the Athletics Department, Recreation Sports and Physical Education.
Xavier's cross country teams compete on the City Park Cross Country Course in City Park, a public facility.
The mostly flat course is approximately three miles from the XU campus and is near the corner of Wisner Boulevard and Harrison Avenue.
Xavier competed twice at City Park in 2014, including the Gulf Coast Athletic Conference Championships.
City Park covers 1,300 acres and was established in 1853.
It is approximately 50 percent larger than Central Park in New York City.
City Park holds the world's largest collection of mature live oak trees, some older than 600 years in age.
Xavier's track and field teams compete at Tad Gormley Stadium (located at City Park, 2.6 miles from XU's campus) and practices regularly at the City Park Practice Track adjacent to the stadium.
Tad Gormley Stadium offers great versatility for staging events in New Orleans - from outdoor athletic competitions to concerts and corporate special events.
Gormley was the site of the 1992 U.S. Olympic Track and Field Trials, the 1993 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships and the 1998 U.S. Track and Field Championships.
Gormley's address is 5400 Stadium Drive, New Orleans, LA 70124.
Stadium Features
• 26,500 permanent seats
• 400-meter polyurethane track
• Artificial turf playing field
• Three locker rooms
• Press box with seating for 110
• Press suite with seating for 40
• Electronic scoreboard and state-of-the-art sound system
The XULA Tennis Center opened on October 26, 2012, as the home of XU men's and women's tennis.
Facility Facts
The Barn was the former home arena for the men's and women's basketball teams and volleyball team located on the Xavier campus.
It opened in 1937 and was demolished in 2012.
Xavier Stadium is a former stadium that included the XU football field and also a track.
It was the former home of the Xavier football team and track and field team.
The stadium was located at the corner of Washington Street and Pine Street in New Orleans.
On June 24, 2015, the university opened its Fitness Center.
The $3.6 million facility is built between the Living Learning Center and St. Martin de Porres Hall, Xavier's two largest student residences on the site of the former B. Samuels building, which was bought and demolished.
The first floor of the two-story facility offers an NCAA/NAIA regulation-sized basketball court, an office, a lounge area and an area with free weights and weight machines.
The second floor consists of a three-lane walking/running track, a cardio room, spin studio and other multifunctional studios.
Exercise machines will be available throughout the facility.
The basketball court will be mostly used for intramural events such as basketball and volleyball, large exercise classes, fitness activities, yoga, dance and Zumba classes.
The court can be divided with a retractable curtain to offer multiple activities simultaneously.
This is the fourth XU athletics facility to open in three years.República metro station
República is an underground metro station on the Line 1 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile.
This station is named for República Avenue.
Like most underground Line 1 stations, it has two levels below street level: the central mezzanine and the platform level.
There are three entrances from street level.
The only exit on the north side of Alameda Avenue leads to the Barrio Concha y Toro.
The portions of the walls along the platforms that are under the station name signs are painted yellow, which originally featured small square mosaic tiles.
The station's artwork, installed in December 2000, is entitled "La República de los Niños" (The Republic Of The Children) and consists of paintings on ceramic tiles, which were created by children with the support of Chilean artists.Yulia Myasnikova
Yulia Myasnikova is a Kazakhstani football defender currently playing in the Russian Women's Football Championship for CSKA Moscow, with which she has also played the Champions League.
She is a member of the Kazakhstani national team.Kaplan Kaye
Kaplan Eric Kaye (born 1949) is a British actor, songwriter and musician as well as a Past King Rat of the show-business charity the Grand Order of Water Rats.
Born in Watford, Hertfordshire, the son of actor and entertainer Davy Kaye, Kaplan 'Kap' Kaye trained at the Corona Stage Academy.
His television debut was as Young Scrooge in an adaptation of "A Christmas Carol" (1958), part of the "Tales from Dickens" series.
Other television appearances include roles in "The Charlie Drake Show" (1961), Henry in six episodes of "William" (1963), "Eagle Rock" (1964), "The Saint" (1964), the mini-series "The Three Musketeers" (1966), "Armchair Theatre" (1967), "Z-Cars" (1968), "The First Lady" (1968), and "Journey to the Unknown" (1968).
Film roles include "Corridors of Blood" (1958), "Passionate Summer" (1958), "Carlton-Browne of the F.O."
(1959), Charles in "Night Train for Inverness" (1960), and Jimmie Noonan in "The Whisperers" (1967).
Theatre appearances include "Oliver!"
(1960), Siddy Blitztein in the original production of "Blitz!"
(1962) by Lionel Bart, and 'Puck' at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden in Benjamin Britten's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" (1966) The latter performance was issued as an album.
With Roger Kitter he co-wrote and performed on the hit song "Chalk Dust - The Umpire Strikes Back", which reached No.
19 in the UK charts in July 1982.
In 1989 Kaye, with Harry Schulz, released a remix of the Flash and the Pan song "Waiting for a Train" titled "Waiting for a Train '89 (The Harrymeetskaplan Mix)", and released in the UK on Cha Cha Records.
In 1994 Kaye won the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors (BASCA) award for ‘Best British Song' at the Cavan International Song Festival with his song ‘You Will Find Me There'.
Kaye co-wrote the song "If I Was President", which was recorded by Wyclef Jean, and also worked on the song "Take Me With You", which was recorded by L.L.
Cool J and featured 50 Cent in 2009.
With Bill Dare he is half of the ukulele duo 'The Ukaye Ukes'.
Kaye was King Rat of the British show-business charity the Grand Order of Water Rats from 2006 to 2008, and was 'Rat of the Year' in 2004.Dabur Research Foundation
Dabur Research Foundation (DRF) is an Indian contract research organization offering pre-clinical services in drug discovery and development.
It was established in 1979 to spearhead the research and development activities of Dabur, India's largest Ayurvedic medicine manufacturer.David Archer
David Archer may refer to:Aster bellidiastrum
Aster bellidiastrum (also known as false aster) is a species of perennial plant from the family Asteraceae.Acrolophus griseus
Acrolophus griseus is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.
It was described by Walsingham in 1887.
It is found in North America, including Arizona, California, Nevada and Texas.Bruce MacGregor (musician)
Born in Inverness in 1970, Bruce MacGregor is a Scottish fiddler and broadcaster who founded Blazin' Fiddles in 1998, and currently presents "Travelling Folk" on BBC Radio Scotland.
MacGregor is also a director of Bogbain Farm, and a director of MacGregor's Bar in Inverness.
He is also the director of the Inverness whisky and gin festival.
MacGregor was a pupil of Donald Riddell CBE, who also taught fellow fiddlers Highland Duncan Chisholm and Iain MacFarlane, who both joined MacGregor in the first Blazin' Fiddles line-up.
Educated at Inverness Royal Academy, MacGregor studied history at Edinburgh University followed by a post-graduate Business Diploma in Business Administration from Napier University
MacGregor started working at BBC Radio Scotland in 1994 as a researcher before becoming a producer and presenter.
He produced and presented "The Strathspey King" in 2000 and "The Captain's Collection" 1999; both shows won Golden Torque awards at the International Celtic Media Awards.
"The Strathspey King" was toured as a play produced by Dogstar Theatre.“…a colourful roller coaster of huge successes and dramatic failures…Billy Riddoch brought the character alive in vibrant and sympathetic fashion, fuelled by Hamish MacDonald’s sensitive and often very funny script……Scott Skinner’s music was also in good hands.
Fiddler Bruce MacGregor and cellist Christine Hanson performed his tunes live throughout, and were worth the admission money on their own…This was a piece of imaginative and beautifully realised music theatre honouring a flawed genius of Scottish music.”MacGregor played amateur rugby, captaining Inverness-based Highland Rugby Club]
MacGregor was also captain of Edinburgh University Rugby Club, winning the Scottish Universities Cup in 1992, touring Zimbabwe in 1990 and South America in 1992.
MacGregor also represented Scottish Universities (1991 &92) and Scottish students (1991)Tyrer
Tyrer is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:Peter Anderson House
The Peter Anderson House is a historic house built in 1901, located at 300 South Howes Street in Fort Collins, Colorado.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The house was designed by Montezuma Fuller and was built by Thomas Garnick.
Its main rectangular area is about in plan and it has an wing on the south side.
It has a sandstone and wood exterior and a hipped roof.Acrolophus heppneri
Acrolophus heppneri is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.
It was described by Davis in 1990.
It is found in North America, including Alabama, Florida, Mississippi and Texas.
The wingspan is about 17 mm.Acrolophus juxtatus
Acrolophus juxtatus is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.
It was described by Hasbrouck in 1964.
It is found in North America, including Arizona.Acrolophus kearfotti
Acrolophus kearfotti is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.
It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1903.
It is found in North America, including Arizona, California, Florida, Nevada and New Mexico.
The wingspan is 24–27 mm.2009 European Road Championships
The 2009 European Road Championships were held in Hooglede-Gits and Oostende, Belgium, between 1–5 July 2009.
The event consisted of a road race and a time trial for men and women under 23 and juniors.
The championships were regulated by the European Cycling Union.
"incomplete list"Acrolophus klotsi
Acrolophus klotsi is a moth of the family Acrolophidae.
It was described by Hasbrouck in 1964.
It is found in Arizona.Álvaro Núñez de Lara (died 1218)
Álvaro Núñez de Lara ( 11701218) was a Castilian nobleman who played a key role, along with other members of the House of Lara, in the political and military affairs of the Kingdoms of León and Castile around the turn of the 13th century.
He was made a count in 1214, served as "alférez" to King Alfonso VIII of Castile, was the regent during the minority of King Henry I of Castile, and was "mayordomo" (steward) to King Alfonso IX of León.
He opposed Queen Berengaria of Castile and her son King Ferdinand III and supported the King of León during the war between the two countries of 1217–1218.
At the end of his life he was a knight of the Order of Santiago, in whose Monastery of Uclés he was buried.
His parents both came from powerful houses with close connections to the Leonese royalty.
His father, Count Nuño Pérez de Lara, was regent during the minority of Alfonso VIII of Castile, and son of Count Pedro González de Lara, the one-time lover of Queen Urraca.
His mother, Teresa Fernández de Traba, was a member of the Galician House of Traba and half-sister of King Afonso I of Portugal, their shared mother being Teresa of León, Countess of Portugal, Urraca's half-sister.
When Count Nuño died in 1177, Teresa married King Ferdinand II of León, who thus became the stepfather of her children, who were then raised at court along with the future King of León, Alfonso IX.
His brothers Fernando and Gonzalo were also counts and significant figures in the political and military affairs of the era.
Fernando was "alférez" to King Alfonso VIII.
Nonetheless, his outsized ambition put him at odds with the king and he had to leave Castile and seek refuge in Marrakech, where he died in 1220 The career of the other brother, Gonzalo, father of count Nuño González de Lara ""el Bueno"", played out in the Kingdom of León.
Upon the death of his stepfather King Ferdinand II, Álvaro established himself in the Castilian court, following his two brothers.
From January 1196 he began to attest royal charters.
It was during this time that the Laras became close to Diego López II de Haro, Lord of Biscay, and possibly around this time Álvaro married Urraca, the daughter of Diego, whom he replaced as royal "alférez" in May 1199, a post in which he served until 1201, when he handed it over to his brother Fernando, and again between 1208 and 1217.
He fought alongside his brothers Fernando and Gonzalo in the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa on 16 July 1212, carrying the royal standard.
The "Chronica latina regum Castellae" provides a vivid account of the performance of Count Álvaro in the battle.
In gratitude for the valor demonstrated by the count in this battle, which marked a milestone of the Reconquista, Alfonso VIII granted him, on 31 October 1212, the village of Castroverde, referring to him as "my beloved and loyal vassal (...) as reward for the many voluntary services which you have lent me and faithfully fulfilled, and as well which you have made an effort to fulfill up to this very day; and more so as reward for the service, which is to be particularly cherished, which you performed for me on the field of battle when you carried my standard like a valiant man."
Years later, on 18 May 1217, Álvaro donated the village to the Order of Santiago.
"Infante" Ferdinand of León, son of Alfonso IX and his first wife Theresa of Portugal and heir to the throne of León, died in August 1214 at the age of 22.
Berengaria and her father King Alfonso VIII harbored the hope that "Infante" Ferdinand of Leon, Alfonso IX's son by his second wife, Berengaria herself, would succeed his father, although first it was necessary to arrive at an agreement with the Leonese and the Portuguese to annul the rights to the throne of the sisters of the recently deceased "infante", Sancha and Dulce.
However a few months later, on 6 October 1214, King Alfonso VIII of Castile died and the court decided on his son Henry to succeed him on the throne.
Before dying, the king had charged the bishops, his friend Mencía López de Haro, and his steward, Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón, executors of his will, with the task of seeing to the carrying out of his commands and the assurance of his succession.
The king's widow Eleanor ceded custody of the heir to Berengaria.
Weeks later, Queen Eleanor died and left the guardianship of Henry and the regency to her daughter Berengaria and the prelates of Palencia and Toledo.
Some nobles believed that Berengaria's regency was too dependent on the support of the Bishop of Palencia, Tello Téllez de Meneses, and Rodrigo Jiménez de Rada, Archbishop of Toledo.
This situation annoyed them and, according to the "Chronica latina regum Castellae", "a majority of the barons decided that Álvaro ought to be regent in the king's name and take charge of the care of the realm."
Álvaro, according to "De rebus Hispaniae", bribed García Lorenzo, a knight of Palencia and guardian of the young king, to hand Henry over to them.
Berengaria conceded this reluctantly.
Given this fait accompli and with the consent of the barons and prelates of the kingdom, Álvaro had to swear that neither he nor his brothers or other noblemen "... would transfer lands from or to anyone, nor would they wage war against neighboring kingdoms, nor impose tributes... under pain of conviction for high treason".
As Jiménez de Rada asserted, it was the ambition of the Laras to control the kingdom, just as Álvaro's father, Nuño Pérez de Lara, had done while regent from 1164 to 1169 during the minority of King Alfonso VIII.
It was during this time that Álvaro was raised to the rank of count.
Jiménez de Rada's "De rebus Hispaniae" is the main source for the events occurring in those years covered by the "Estoria de España".
The archbishop's objectivity in his recounting of events should be accepted with caution due to his sympathy for the crown, his disdain of the Laras, and his determination "to promote the interests of Toledo over those of Santiago and Seville."
During his years as regent, Count Álvaro fell out with the clergy and abused his position, especially in 1215 when, taking advantage of the absence of several bishops from the kingdom during the Fourth Lateran Council (1215-1216), he moved to take over their privileges and rental income and expropriated the "tercias" (part of the church tithes).
Nevertheless, on 15 February 1216, he apologized publicly and promised that we would never again collect these "tercias" nor suggest that they be expropriated.
In April 1216, making a show of his power, Count Álvaro signed a document in the Royal Monastery of San Benito de Sahagún in which Henry is said to reign in Toledo and Castile and "Álvaro Núñez to rule the whole country under him".
He destabilized the political situation by excluding other noblemen from the center of power.
A notable case was that of Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón, removed in 1216 from his post as high steward which he had held for eighteen years.
Other nobles, like Lope Díaz II de Haro, Lord of Biscay, Álvaro Díaz de los Cameros, Alfonso Téllez de Meneses, and the Archbishop of Toledo himself were also marginalized.
In the spring of 1216, the count tried to convince King Alfonso IX to have his former wife, Queen Berengaria, hand over her castles.
It may be for this reason that Berengaria decided to send her son Ferdinand to join his father in order to ensure his succession in León.
Around this time, the Cortes were summoned a few times at the urging of some of the nobles.
Berengaria did not attend them, either because she was not advised of them or by her own decision.
Lope Díaz de Haro, Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón, Álvaro Díaz de los Cameros, Alfonso Téllez de Meneses, and Archbishop de Rada went to Berengaria, who was in the Abbey of Las Huelgas in Burgos, to ask that she intervene and respond to the abuses being committed by Álvaro.
Shortly afterward, Álvaro moved to Medina del Campo with King Henry, and then to Ávila where he was knighted.
He wrote to Berengaria, warning her not to act against the king's household, that is, against the court of which he was the regent.
Around this time, he negotiated the marriage of Henry to Mafalda, daughter of King Sancho I of Portugal, a union which was later annulled at the urging of Queen Berengaria by the bishops of Burgos and Palencia in obedience of the orders of Pope Innocent III.
Later, Álvaro negotiated with King Alfonso IX for the marriage of his daughter Sancha to Henry.
If the marriage (which was prevented by the death of the young king) had taken place, Henry would have become the heir to the crown of León.
In the autumn of 1216, Álvaro, claiming to act in the name of Henry I, demanded that Berengaria hand over several castles, including those of Burgos, San Esteban de Gormaz, Curiel de Duero, Valladolid, and Hita, as well as the Cantabrian ports, all of which were part of the "arras" paid her by Alfonso IX on the event of their marriage.
Berengaria sought explanations from her brother Henry, who denied being aware of such a request on the part of the regent and, alarmed by the excesses being committed by Álvaro, attempted to meet with his sister.
When Álvaro learned of this, he ordered the killing of the messenger Berengaria had sent to court to determine how her brother was and to ascertain the activities of the count.
Jiménez de Rada's chronicle tells that Álvaro forged a letter of Berengaria's, supposedly urging the assassination of King Henry according to the advice of the Meneses and Girón families, Tierra de Campos nobles who were openly in support of her.
Due to the bias shown by Jiménez de Rada and his unconditional support of Berengaria, the letter may have been authentic and not a forgery by Álvaro as the archbishop wrote.
Whatever the case, opposition to Álvaro grew after this episode.
Rodrigo González de Valverde, a knight loyal to Berengaria, tried to organize a meeting between Berengaria and her brother Henry, but he was taken prisoner and brought to the Castle of Alarcón on Álvaro's orders.
According to the "Chronica latina regum Castellae", the year 1217 was one of great tension, "such as never had been before in Castile".
The royal high steward, Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón, was replaced by Martín Muñoz de Hinojosa.
Other nobles allied with Berengaria, such as the Meneses, Girón, Haro, and Cameros families, were notably absent from royal charters.
Álvaro also made changes to the chancery.
The "alferiz et procurator regis et regni", as he is titled in the records, succeeded in having all the castles of the kingdom handed over to him, possibly so he could install landholders and fortress captains whom he trusted.
This led him into conflict with a great deal of the nobility, who noticed that he was grabbing more and more power.
The opposition faction included the Meneses, Girón, Haro and Cameros families, whose absence from the Royal Council is noted from February 1217.
In the same month, Álvaro traveled with King Henry to Valladolid, possibly as a last-ditch effort to avoid a war.
The new royal high steward, Martín Muñoz de Hinojosa, sent a letter to Berengaria seeking the surrender of the castles of Burgos and Valladolid as well as the Cantabrian ports.
It seems that she handed over all of these except for Valladolid, although this did not prevent the conflict.
Berengaria was staying at the castle of Autillo de Campos, which was controlled by the Girón family.
Álvaro refused to relinquish his power.
The chronicles mention that the Girón family, García Fernández de Villamayor, Guillén Pérez de Guzmán, son-in-law of Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón, and Gil Manrique marched to Autillo to support Berengaria.
Lope Díaz de Haro entrenched himself in Miranda de Ebro with some 300 knights.
When Álvaro discovered this, he sent his brother Gonzalo, who set out with a larger army.
The clergy succeeded in preventing a battle, and Gonzalo returned to court while Lope Díaz de Haro met up with Berengaria in Autillo.
In March 1217, Álvaro, accompanied by his brothers Counts Fernando and Gonzalo, Martín Muñoz de Hinojosa, García Ordóñez, Guillermo González de Mendoza, and other nobles, invaded Tierra de Campos, where the Girón and Meneses families held inherited lands, causing much destruction in the valley of Trigueros.
They then headed for the castle of Montealegre and the lands of Suero Téllez de Meneses.
His relatives, Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón and Alfonso Téllez de Meneses, came to his aid with their armed retinues, although they retreated and avoided waging battle on finding out that the young King Henry was among the regent's forces.
Alfonso Téllez de Meneses surrendered the castle and marched to Villalba del Alcor, pursued by Álvaro's troops, where he defended the castle during a seventy-day siege without the support of the nobles who were still in Autillo.
Subsequently, Álvaro's troops marched on Autillo and Cisneros and laid siege to Berengaria and her supporters.
Lope Díaz de Haro and Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón headed to the court of León to ask that "Infante" Ferdinand come in aid of his mother.
Meanwhile, King Henry lifted the siege of Autillo as Álvaro made his way to Frechilla, laying waste to Girón's lands.
Berengaria found herself forced to sue for peace, surrendering the places which were then in the power of King Henry and Count Álvaro.
During "Infante" Ferdinand's absence from the court of León, Álvaro was appointed royal high steward at the end of 1217, and Sancho, son of Queen Urraca López de Haro and King Ferdinand II of León, replaced him as royal "alférez".
Count Álvaro and the court of Castile established themselves in the episcopal palace of Palencia.
The bishop at the time was Tello Téllez de Meneses, brother of Alfonso and Suero Téllez de Meneses and a relative of the Girón family.
In May 1217, Álvaro established himself in the episcopal palace of Palencia with the Castilian court and King Henry.
On 26 May, the young king suffered an accident while playing with other children in the palace courtyard when a tile which came loose from the roof fell and struck him on the head, causing a fatal injury.
This accident marked the beginning of Álvaro's downfall.
He tried to conceal the king's death and brought his body to the castle of Tariego.
Berengaria learned of her brother's death almost immediately, probably thanks to her spies in the Leonese court.
She took charge of recovering her brother's body and bringing it to the family vault in the Abbey of Las Huelgas in Burgos, where he was buried.
Meanwhile, Berengaria asked her son, the future King Ferdinand III, who was with his father King Alfonso IX in Toro, to come join her.
She entrusted this mission to three of her most loyal supporters, Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón, Alfonso Téllez de Meneses, and Lope Díaz II de Haro.
They were to convince Alfonso that "Infante" Ferdinand must return to join his mother, without revealing the plans for the succession to the throne of Castile, and to accompany him to Autillo, where she was, on the pretext that the castle had been attacked, and hiding the news of the death of her brother Henry.
Although the "infantas" Sancha and Dulce rejected the noblemen's explanations, they finally convinced them that Henry was safe and sound and succeeded in bringing "Infante" Ferdinand to join his mother in Autillo, where shortly afterward he was acclaimed king.
This was done without the approval of the court and the councils of the most important towns of Castile which met in Segovia and later in Valladolid to deal with the succession issue.
Some preferred the fulfillment of the terms of the Treaty of Sahagún by which Alfonso IX would be proclaimed King of Castile, thereby uniting the two crowns, or otherwise that the throne should pass to Berengaria, a choice which ultimately prevailed.
Berengaria immediately abdicated in favor of her son, who was proclaimed king on 2 July 1217 in Valladolid.
Although Berengaria was the eldest of the children of Alfonso VIII of Castile, Álvaro had claimed that Blanche of Castile, queen consort of France by her marriage to Louis VIII, should succeed the recently deceased King Henry.
He sent her a letter to this effect, which she rejected, and she asked that Álvaro hand over the castles he offered her to her sister Berengaria.
Berengaria and King Ferdinand moved immediately to Palencia.
Ferdinand's troops marched to Dueñas where his partisans started negotiations to put an end to hostilities.
Álvaro reproached Berengaria for the rushed coronation of Ferdinand and sought custody of him, Berengaria refused the offer, although the new king was already approaching eighteen years of age.
Álvaro's claims were dismissed and King Ferdinand and his retinue marched to Valladolid.
On 4 July, two days after Ferdinand's coronation, his father, King Alfonso IX, who still had not renounced his claims to the throne of Castile, invaded the Tierra de Campos and occupied Urueña, Villagarcía, Castromonte and Arroyo.
Meanwhile, "Infante" Sancho Fernández of León who at the time was the royal "alférez" and tenant-in-chief of León, Salamanca, and other places, invaded Ávila, but was repelled by the town militia and forced to retreat.
King Ferdinand tried to arrive at an agreement with his father wherein he would renounce the Castilian throne.
Alfonso IX proposed that he secure a papal dispensation in order to remarry Berengaria, recognizing her rights to the throne of Castile, and that the two kingdoms unite upon their deaths, and that they be succeeded by their son Ferdinand as the sole king.
The Castilians rejected this proposal and Alfonso IX set out for Burgos to take the city.
Berengaria and her supporters sent Lope Díaz II de Haro and the brothers Rodrigo and Álvaro Díaz de los Cameros to protect Dueñas, fearing an attack from Alfonso.
Advised by Álvaro, Alfonso headed toward Burgos by way of Laguna de Duero, Torquemada, and Tordómar, laying waste along the way to the lands of Berengaria's high steward García Fernández de Villamayor.
Finally he decided to return to León after weighing the difficulty of taking Burgos.
On his way through Palencia, he laid waste to the lands of his enemies, the Girón and Meneses families and advanced as far as Torremormojón.
Meanwhile, troops from Ávila and Segovia arrived at the Castilian court, which was in Palencia, to support King Ferdinand, who had already recovered control of Burgos, Lerma, Lara, and Palenzuela, although Muñó remained loyal to Álvaro.
In the middle of August 1217, King Ferdinand entered Burgos, where he was acclaimed.
There were still several fortresses left to be recovered, including Belorado, Nájera, Navarrete, and San Clemente.
The first two remained loyal to Álvaro's brother Gonzalo, while the last two surrendered to the king.
In September 1217, King Ferdinand left Burgos and headed toward Palencia.
Álvaro's brother Fernando lay in ambush at Revilla Vallejera, but the ambush failed on being found out by the king's forces.
Álvaro attempted another ambush on the outskirts of Herreruela de Castillería.
On the 20th, the brothers Alfonso and Suero Téllez de Meneses along with Álvaro Rodríguez Girón, Gonzalo's brother, caught the Lara brothers by surprise.
While his brothers escaped, Álvaro was taken prisoner to Valladolid where he was obliged, as a minimal condition of release, to relinquish the fortresses he controlled, including Alarcón, Cañete, Tariego, Amaya, Villafranca Montes de Oca, Cerezo de Río Tirón, Pancorbo, Belorado, and other places.
Once Álvaro was back in León, where he still held the post of royal high steward, the kings of León and Castile agreed a truce in November 1217 in which Álvaro and his brother Fernando Núñez de Lara both took part.
However, the peace did not hold and, possibly encouraged by Álvaro, Alfonso IX invaded Castile in the spring of 1218 and took the fortress of Valdenebro near Medina de Rioseco.
Álvaro tried to recover the castles he was forced to cede when he was captured and imprisoned, and offered to exchange them for Valdenebro, an offer which Ferdinand III refused.
Ferdinand III went to Tordehumos whence he resisted the invasions of the Laras who, in turn, convinced Alfonso IX to break the truce and attack Castile.
Alfonso's troops set out from Salamanca.
His son Ferdinand decided to stage his first invasion of León, sending Lope Díaz de Haro, Álvaro Díaz de Cameros, and García Fernández de Villamayor.
However, soon they were forced to retreat and seek refuge in Castrejón de la Peña, which was then surrounded by Alfonso and the Laras.
Álvaro, taking part in the siege, became gravely ill and left for Toro, where he decided to join the Order of Santiago.
According to the chronicle of Archbishop Jiménez de Rada, Álvaro Núñez de Lara took ill and died in Castrejón, where he had come in pursuit of Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón and Lope Díaz de Haro.
The "Crónica general vulgata" differs from this account, stating that he was taken to Toro, joined the Order, and died there.
Álvaro married Urraca Díaz de Haro, daughter of Diego López II de Haro, Lord of Biscay, and his wife Toda Pérez de Azagra.
They had no children.
In 1217, he gave his wife's aunt Urraca López de Haro several properties in la Bureba which allowed the queen dowager of León to found the Abbey of Santa María la Real de Vileña.
He had four illegitimate children with Teresa Gil de Osorno:First United Presbyterian Church (Loveland, Colorado)
The First United Presbyterian Church at 400 E. 4th St. in Loveland, Colorado was built in 1906.
It was designed by architect Montezuma Fuller.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.Formula One drivers from Brazil
There have been 31 Formula One drivers from Brazil including three world champions.
Ayrton Senna, the three-time title winner, is regarded by many as the best driver in the history of Formula One.
Nelson Piquet also won the title three times and Emerson Fittipaldi was a two-time winner.
Rubens Barrichello holds the record for the most races contested and finished as the championship runner-up in two seasons.
Following the retirement of Felipe Massa after the 2017 season, in 2018 there were no Brazilian drivers entered for the World Championship, the first time this had occurred since 1969.
Brazil produced three world champions, all of whom won more than once.
Emerson Fittipaldi was the first Brazilian to secure the Drivers' Championship, winning in 1972 and 1974.
Nelson Piquet managed one better, winning the championship three times in the 1980s and became the first Brazilian triple world champion.
In 1991 31-year-old Ayrton Senna won his third title, making him the youngest ever three-time world champion at that time.
Six Brazilian drivers won at least one Grand Prix, with a combined total of 101 wins.
Ayrton Senna has won the most races with 41 victories, while Nelson Piquet won 23 out of 204 race starts.
Fittipaldi, Rubens Barrichello, and Felipe Massa have each claimed more than ten wins.
Carlos Pace scored his only victory at the 1975 Brazilian Grand Prix.
Emerson Fittipaldi was the first Brazilian to win a Formula One Grand Prix – the 1970 United States Grand Prix at the Watkins Glen Grand Prix Race Course.
No Brazilian driver has won a Grand Prix since Barrichello's last win at the 2009 Italian Grand Prix, the country's longest barren run since Fittipaldi's maiden victory.
Ayrton Senna is often regarded as one of the best racing drivers of all time.
In an "Autosport" survey, drivers were asked to vote for the greatest driver in history, and Senna was chosen as number one.
He finished on the podium 80 times, nearly half of the races in which he competed, and won 41 events.
He was a master of the Monaco Grand Prix, winning it five times consecutively, a feat never achieved by any other driver on any circuit.
Nelson Piquet won three titles in a career that spanned 14 seasons.
He made his Formula One debut in 1978 as a privateer before securing a drive with Brabham.
He spent the next seven seasons with the team, winning the Drivers' Championship in 1981 and 1983 before moving to Williams in 1986.
Piquet had battles with teammate Nigel Mansell both on and off track.
Piquet publicly called Mansell "an uneducated blockhead", with Mansell retorting that "Piquet is just a vile man".
In their first year together Piquet was convinced that Williams were favouring the British driver and their distracting personal feud helped Alain Prost to the title.
The following year Piquet got the upper hand and, though he had half as many wins as Mansell, his consistency saw him through to his third title.
Piquet moved to Lotus for two seasons before finishing his F1 career with Benetton with whom he achieved three victories.
After his retirement Piquet developed a successful satellite navigation company which helped him finance the career of his son, Nelson Piquet, Jr. and now finances the career of the younger Pedro Piquet.
Emerson Fittipaldi spent ten years in Formula One and won the title in 1972 and 1974.
The "Autosport" driver survey placed Fittipaldi in 12th place, one ahead of Piquet.
Fittipaldi joined Formula One in 1970 with Lotus and achieved one victory over the first two years.
He won five races in his third year on the way to securing his first championship title, and came second to Jackie Stewart the year after.
He switched to McLaren for 1974 and won his second title, coming runner-up the following year.
Fittipaldi left McLaren to set up Fittipaldi Automotive alongside older brother Wilson, a team financed by Copersucar, the Brazilian state-run sugar marketing company.
They remained uncompetitive for several years with only two podiums in the next five years.
When the funding stopped Emerson retired from driving to focus on managing the team.
He did so for two years before it folded in 1982, and he returned to Brazil.
Fittipaldi went on to achieve success in IndyCar.
Rubens Barrichello raced a record 322 times.
He finished in the top four of the drivers' championship in five consecutive seasons with Ferrari between 2000 and 2004.
During this time Barrichello, like Massa after him, found it difficult to be the second driver to Michael Schumacher.
He left Ferrari to join Honda and endured three tough seasons before Brawn GP bought out the team and produced a 2009 car that helped him to finish third in the championship.
At the beginning of his career Barrichello was mentored by Ayrton Senna, and the drivers became close friends.
Senna's death, just a year after Barrichello's debut, deeply upset the young Brazilian who had been injured in a crash at the start of the same Grand Prix weekend.
When Barrichello won his first race six years later he was overwhelmed by the emotion of being the first Brazilian driver, since Senna, to stand atop the podium.
Felipe Massa debuted in 2002 and drove for Ferrari from 2006 to 2013.
In his first three seasons with the team he finished third, fourth, and then second in the drivers' championship.
All eleven of his race victories happened during those three seasons.
He has found himself as the number two driver in the team on several occasions, firstly to Michael Schumacher and then Fernando Alonso, having to yield the lead and let the senior driver through for the victory.
Massa came very close to winning the 2008 season, eventually losing to Lewis Hamilton by just one point.
He lost it on the last lap of the final race of the season when Hamilton managed to pass Timo Glock for fifth position and secure enough points to win the championship.
The Ferrari team, unaware of Hamilton's late overtaking move, were celebrating in the belief that Massa had won the title.
When the situation became clear the message was relayed to a very disappointed Massa.
For 2014, Massa moved to Williams.
He announced that he would retire from Formula One at the end of the 2016 season.
However, the abrupt retirement of 2016 Formula One Champion Nico Rosberg from Mercedes precipitated the late move of Valtteri Bottas from Williams to Mercedes, leaving a late vacancy at Williams.
Massa subsequently postponed his retirement, returning to Williams to partner rookie Lance Stroll for the 2017 season.
On 4 November 2017, Massa confirmed that he would be retiring from Formula One at the end of the 2017 season.Descendants of Manuel I of Portugal
The Descendants of Manuel I of Portugal, of the House of Aviz, left a lasting mark on Portuguese history and royalty, and European history and royalty as a whole.
Manuel married three times, each time providing children.
He first married Isabel of Aragon and Castille, followed by Maria of Aragon and Castille and lastly Eleanor of Austria.
His descendants can be found in both reigning and non-reigning royal families all over Europe.
This article deals with the children of Manuel I and in turn their senior heirs.
Manuel, born on 31 May 1469 at the Royal Palace at Alcochete, was the second son of Duke Ferdinand I of Viseu and Beja and Infanta Beatriz of Reguengos.
During Manuel's youth, his cousin John II of Portugal was King.
John II went through a large process trying to eliminate the powers and wealth of the Portuguese nobility, of which Manuel was a prominent part of.
John II had both Duke Diogo I of Viseu and Beja and Duke Fernando II of Braganza put on trial and executed.
After Diogo's death, the Dukedoms of Viseu and Beja passed to Manuel, causing Manuel to fear for his own being.
In 1491, Afonso, Prince of Portugal was killed in a horse riding accident.
John II only had one other child, Jorge, Duke of Coimbra, but he was illegitimate.
After countless failed efforts by John II to legitimize Jorge, he finally sent a royal order to Manuel in 1493.
Once Manuel heard a royal order was on its way to him, he initially thought it to be a summons for a trial, and likely execution, and Manuel worried.
However, when the order reached Manuel, he was greatly relieved as the order made Manuel the heir to John II's throne.
John II died on 25 October 1495 and Manuel became monarch of Portugal.
During his reign, Manuel expanded the Portuguese Empire, making it the most formidable power in all of Europe at the time.
From his countless riches from India, after Vasco da Gama discovered the maritime passage to there, Manuel created the most luxorious court in all Europe and founded countless architectonic wonders throughout Portugal in the Manueline style, named for the king.
It is this wealth, power, and prestige that made Manuel's children prime candidates for royal marriages throughout Europe.
After King Manuel's death, his descendants would hold a great importance to Portuguese sovereignty and European history.
Almost all of Manuel's descendants would become crucial beings in the Portuguese succession crisis of 1580, the Iberian Union, and later the Portuguese Restoration War, as all the claims to the Portuguese throne during these events originated from descendancy from Manuel I.
On 13 September 1497, Manuel I married Isabel of Aragon and Castile, Princess of Asturias.
The couple had 1 child:
On 30 October 1501, Manuel I married Maria of Aragon and Castile.
The couple had 8 children:
On 16 July 1518, Manuel I married Eleanor of Austria.
The couple had 2 children:Larisa Li
Larisa Li is a Kazakhstani football midfielder currently playing in the Kazakhstani Championship for BIIK Kazygurt, with which she has also played the Champions League.
She is a member of the Kazakhstani national team since 2003.San Buenaventura de Guadalquini
San Buenaventura de Guadalquini or San Buenaventura de Boadalquivi was a Spanish mission located on St. Simon's Island, Georgia, United States from between 1597 and 1609 until 1684, when pirates burned the mission and its town.
The mission moved to the north side of the St. Johns River near its mouth, in present day Duval County, Florida under the name of Santa Cruz de Guadalquini or Santa Cruz y San Buenaventura de Guadalquini for a few years before merging with the mission San Juan del Puerto.
"Guadalquini" was the Timucua language name for St. Simon's Island, which the Spanish called "Isla de Ballenas" (Isle of Whales).
The name also appeared in several Spanish documents as .
For most of the 20th century historians thought the mission of San Buenaventura de Guadalquini had been located on Jekyll Island, but examination of previously known and newly discovered documentary evidence has identified Gualdalquini with St. Simons.
Many scholars in the early 20th century identified the people of San Buenaventura de Guadalquini as Guale.
Hann cites evidence that the people of Guadalquini at least as early as 1580 were part of the Mocama people.
Ashley, et al.
suggest that Gualdalquini may have been occupied by the Guale people when Europeans arrived in southeastern Georgia in the 16th century, and that the original Guale population on Guadalquini was displaced from at least the southern part of the island after the Guale rebellion of 1597, and replaced by Timucua speaking Mocama people.
Two French ships visited Guadalquini in 1580, in an attempt to recruit coastal tribes to attack the Spanish presidio at Santa Elena (on what is now Parris Island, South Carolina).
About 1,000 warriors from towns along the Georgia and South Carolina coast besieged Santa Elena for a couple of weeks, but left without success.
The mission of San Buenaventura was established on the southern end of Guadalquini sometime between 1597 and 1609 (probably near the present-day St. Simons Island Light), and was the northernmost mission in the Mocama area.
The mission was 32 leagues from St. Augustine.
San Buenaventura de Gualdalquini mission was the site of a Franciscan provincial chapter meeting in 1618, because food was cheaper there than in St. Augustine, and friars could travel there by canoe from the missions in the Guale and Timucua provinces, including the missions in the St. Johns River valley.
The governor of Florida, Alonso de Aranguiz y Cotes, stationed Spanish soldiers at San Buenaventura after Chichimecos (the Spanish name for Westos) destroyed the Santo Domingo de Talaje mission (on the Altamaha River) in 1661.
Raiders from the Chichimeco, Uchise (the Spanish name for Muscogee), and Chiluque (a name the Spanish used for a faction of the Mocamo and for Yamassee) and possibly other nations, aided and supported by the English in the Province of Carolina, attacked Gualdalquini's neighbor Colon in 1680.
A force of Spanish soldiers and Native Americans from San Buenaventura went to the aid of Colon.
The raiders withdrew, and then attacked the mission of Santa Catalina de Guale on St. Catherines Island to the north.
In 1684, raiding parties sponsored by the Province of Carolina attacked missions in the Guale and Mocama provinces.
Information on the population of the mission is scanty.
A (possibly incomplete) census in 1675 reported 40 Christians at the mission.
In 1681 a census reported 45 men and 42 women over the age of 12.
The mission of Santa Isabel de Utinahica may have been merged into San Buenaventura around the middle of the 17th century.
Clara, "cacica" (female chief) of Utinihica was still resident in the relocated mission of Santa Cruz y San Buenaventura de Guadalquini in 1685.
In 1683, St. Augustine was attacked by a pirate fleet.
Together with the attacks on the missions along what is now the Georgia coast from Native American allies of the English, the pirate raid led Governor Juan Márquez Cabrera to order those missions to move closer to St. Augustine.
As part of the plan, the mission of San Buenaventura was to be merged with the mission San Juan del Puerto.
Before the mission could be moved, pirates returned to the area in the second half of 1684.
On hearing of the presence of the pirates, Lorenzo de Santiago, chief of San Buenaventura, moved the people of his village, along with most of their property and stored maize, to the mainland.
When the pirates landed at San Buenaventura, they found only ten men under a sub-chief who had been left to guard the village.
The San Buenaventura men withdrew to the woods, and the pirates burned the village and mission.
After the pirates burned the mission, the people of Guadalquini moved to a site on the north side of the St. Johns River about one league west of San Juan del Puerto, where a new mission named Santa Cruz de Guadalquini was established.
The mission was probably placed on a site known as Vera Cruz to Spanish, the site of a "visita" (outlying mission site of the San Juan mission) that had been abandoned fifty years earlier, which may account for the adoption of the name Santa Cruz.
In 1685 residents of Santa Cruz asked that Guales, people from Colon, and other Yamassees be allowed to join the village.
There were 60 families in Santa Cruz in 1689, twice as many as at San Juan.
In 1695, residents of Santa Cruz included chiefs from San Simon and Colon, who were not Mocama.
The mission of Santa Cruz was merged into the mission of San Juan del Puerto by 1697.
Lorenzo de Santiago, who had been chief of the town of San Buenaventura on Guadalquini before it moved in 1684, had become the chief of San Juan by 1701.
It appears that most of the residents of San Juan in 1701 had come from the Guadalquini mission.
Some of the residents there had come from the village of Colon that had been to the north of the San Buenaventura mission on Guadalquini.
Lorenzo de Santiago, long chief of Guadalquini, became the principal chief in Mocama Province.
The people at San Juan in 1701 wanted to move to a location south of the St. Johns River called Piritirica, but the Governor in St. Augustine required a town be kept at San Juan for early detection of attacks by the English or their native allies.
Some of the inhabitants of Santa Cruz were allowed to moved to Piritihica, which was three leagues from Santa Cruz across the St.Johns River, and residents who remained at Santa Cruz were allowed to cultivate fields at Piritihica.
The mission at San Juan del Puerto, the new settlement at Piritihica, and the other remaining Spanish missions along the coast north of the St. Johns River, were destroyed in 1702 by soldiers from the Province of Carolina and their native allies.
The residents of the missions fled to St. Augustine shortly before the attacks.
Shortly after the English and their native allies abandoned their siege of St. Augustine and withdrew north, the Spanish and Guale and Mocama natives returned to Piritihica.
The Spanish built a stockade, and settled the natives in villages to the north and south of the stockade.
One village was for the Guale, who had fled the missions on Amelia Island.
The other village held the Mocama refugees from San Juan del Puerto, who included the people who had once lived at San Buenaventura de Guadalquini.
One-and-a-half years later, natives allied with the English attacked Piritihica, killing or carrying off many of the inhabitants.
The survivors from the Mocama village, some of whom had once lived on Guadalquini Island, were resettled in Palica, a village five leagues from St. Augustine, the fourth time they had moved in twenty years.
Archaeologists have excavated a site on Black Hammock Island in the Timucuan Ecological and Historic Preserve that may be the site.
The Cedar Point archaeological site (8Du81) is at the south end of Black Hammock Island, and has been occupied off and on for over 4,000 years, from the Archaic period until the 20th century.WHYA
WHYA (101.1 FM)—branded Y101—is a CodComm, Inc. owned commercial FM radio station licensed to Mashpee, Massachusetts.
The station's studios are in downtown Hyannis and its transmitter is located in Barnstable.
It serves the Cape Cod radio market with a pop/CHR format.
WHYA airs the nationally syndicated Open House Party on Saturday and Sunday nights.
Station owner John Garabedian, hosted Open House Party until January 2017.
On April 1, 2013, at 5:00 p.m., WHYA broke away from its simulcast with 93.5 WFRQ and began stunting with an automated countdown.
A male text-to-speech voice (Microsoft Sam to be exact) repeated a sequence of counting backward in the format of "T minus x days, x hours, x minutes, x seconds" (beginning with 2 days, 18 hours).
A rotating list of statements was also inserted approximately every fifteen seconds.
The statements ranged from informing listeners that Frank FM had moved to 93.5 and doubled its power, to random and sometimes amusing quotes from movies, songs and current events.
Occasionally, some statements also hinted about two of the on-air personalities that would eventually be on the new station, including "Who's Steve McVie?"
and "What's a Jackson Blue?"
On April 4, 2013, at 11:00 a.m., the stunt ended with a message by radio personality John Garabedian to launch the new CHR-formatted "Y101".
Y101's first song was "Party Rock Anthem" by LMFAO.
The new format filled a 4-year void that the former WRZE "96-3 The Rose" (now WEII) left when it switched to sports radio on March 25, 2009.
Ironically, CodComm's founding fathers John Garabedian and Steve McVie both played a role in the former WRZE.
Garabedian placed the original 96.3 transmission facility on the air in the 1970s (as WGTF) and WRZE was an affiliate of his Open House Party program, while McVie was the last on-air personality heard on WRZE.
On August 20, 2013, CodComm submitted a license application with the FCC to cover an outstanding construction permit originally filed on July 17, 2012.
This completed a move of the WHYA transmission facility from Mashpee to Barnstable at the tower of sister station WPXC.
The change included dropping power from 6 kW to 2.9 kW, but raising its antenna from 272' to 463' above average terrain.Salvia subincisa
Salvia subincisa, the sawtooth sage or sharptooth sage, is a small erect "Salvia" species that is native to New Mexico, Arizona, and Texas in the United States.
It is typically found growing in sandy areas near roadsides or other arid parts of the American southwest.
It is very often associated with Pueblo ruins in New Mexico, along with "Cleome serrulata" and "Lithospermum caroliniense".
"Salvia subincisa" has deep purple flowers with white markings inside, above small opposite leaves.
It is similar, though smaller, than "Salvia reflexa".Bobby Schuller
Robert Vernon "Bobby" Schuller (born July 28, 1981) is a Reformed Church in America pastor and writer.
He is the son of Robert A. Schuller and grandson of Robert H. Schuller.
He serves as lead pastor on the "Hour of Power" television service and is the senior pastor of Shepherd's Grove church in Irvine, California.
Shepherd's Grove is the congregation formerly known as the Crystal Cathedral congregation, which changed its name after moving to the former location of St. Callistus' Catholic Church on July 7, 2013, following the bankruptcy of Crystal Cathedral Ministries.
The church, like its predecessor, is a congregation of the Reformed Church in America.
Shepherd's Grove moved to its current location at Irvine Presbyterian Church on March 25, 2018.
Schuller graduated from Oral Roberts University in 2003 and received a Master of Divinity degree from Fuller Theological Seminary in 2008.
He is an ordained pastor of the Reformed Church in America.
Schuller served as pastor of the Tree of Life Community Church in Garden Grove, California, which in 2015 merged with the Shepherd's Grove congregation in which it had its roots.
Schuller is president of the St. Patrick Project, a social services outreach in Orange County.
Schuller is the author of the national best selling book titled "Imagine Happiness", published in 2012.
He has been a regular television guest on shows like "100 Huntley Street" and TLC's "The Messengers".
Schuller is also the author of "Happiness According to Jesus", published in 2015.
He served as the youngest chaplain in the Chautauqua Institute’s (Chautauqua, New York) 150th history.
Schuller resides in Costa Mesa, California, with his wife and two children.Allan Craig
Allan Craig (born 7 February 1904; date of death unknown) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Saltcoats Victoria, Motherwell and Chelsea.
Craig also represented Scotland three times, twice in a 1929 tour and once in 1932.
He played junior football for Saltcoats Victoria until he signed for Motherwell in 1924.
Craig was part of the Motherwell side that won the Scottish league championship in the 1931–32 season.
He moved to Chelsea in 1933 and played for the London club until the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939, making 211 appearances.Juan Carlos Pérez
Juan Carlos Pérez (born 6 October 1981 in Sucre) is a Bolivian trap shooter.
He competed in the trap event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and placed 31st in the qualification round.Unión Latinoamericana metro station
Unión Latinoamericana, also known as ULA, is an underground metro station on the Line 1 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile.
It is close to Víctor Jara Stadium.
It has a single mezzanine, which is accessed by four entrances via two corridors.
There are stairs at the four corners of the mezzanine, which are used as one-way walkways, although the stairs that go from the paid area of the mezzanine to the platforms can be used in a reverse direction for crossover between the platforms.
At the top of the platforms exit stairs there are two rows of manual one-way swing gates.2012–13 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders men's basketball team
The 2012–13 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders men's basketball team represented Middle Tennessee State University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Blue Raiders, led by 11th year head coach Kermit Davis, played their home games at the Murphy Center and were members of the East Division of the Sun Belt Conference.
They finished the season 28–6, 19–1 in Sun Belt play to become Sun Belt regular season champions.
They advanced to the semifinals of the Sun Belt Tournament where they lost to FIU.
They received an at-large bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament, their first tournament bid since 1989, where they lost in the First Four round to Saint Mary's.
This was the Blue Raiders last season as a member of the Sun Belt.
In July, 2013, they will become a member of Conference USA.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Sun Belt Tournament
!colspan=9| 2013 NCAA TournamentSpace Angels
Space Angels is an American angel investment and venture capital firm focused on early-stage investments in the space economy.
Based in New York City, Space Angels is the world’s most active investor in the space economy.
As of May 3, 2019, the firm managed a $15 million Angel Fund and a $25 million venture capital fund.
Founded in 2007 by Guillermo Söhnlein and Burton Lee, Space Angels Network began by facilitating a small group of space enthusiasts’ investments in the nascent New Space sector.
Over its first five years, it grew from four to 20 investing members, but its scale was limited by its informal structure.
In 2012, Chad Anderson was offered the opportunity to lead the organization.
Anderson, at the time an MBA student at Oxford University, moved to New York after graduation to take on the full-time role of CEO.
Anderson took the next six years to professionalize, grow, and transform Space Angels Network.
By 2015, Space Angels had shifted away from the decentralized investing model typical of an angel network.
Space Angels began taking on a greater role in managing its members’ investments with the launch of an Angel Fund.
In early 2017, Anderson rebranded the firm, dropping the word “Network” from its name, selecting a new logo.
Later in 2017, the firm raised $5.7 million for an inaugural venture fund, Space Capital, with Tom Ingersoll joining as a Partner.
Membership in Space Angels limited to investors who qualify as accredited investors under Regulation D of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
To facilitate the Angel Fund model, Space Angels pioneered a new online investment platform to streamline the communication of investment opportunities, simplify legal documentation, and drive greater investor engagement.
Between 2015-2018, Space Angels made 37 investments in 26 portfolio companies, less than 2% of the companies it evaluated (over 500 per year as of 2018).
Some of the most notable investments include SpaceX, NanoRacks, Astrobotic, Vector Launch, LeoLabs, Planet, Made in Space, ICEYE, and others.
In 2017, Space Angels successfully raised $5.7 million of a targeted $50 million for an inaugural venture fund Space Capital.
The fund subsequently raised $15 million for Space Capital in April 2019.Palmar, Uruguay
Palmar is a village in the Soriano Department of western Uruguay.
The village is located on Route 55 and the south bank of Río Negro, just south of the Palmar Dam.
It lies about east of Mercedes and at the border with Río Negro Department.
On 26 March 1982, the urban conglomeration named "Coronel Lorenzo Latorre", which had been formed in 1973 as a result of the construction of the Palmar Dam, was given the status of "Pueblo" (village) by the Act of Decreto-Ley Nº 15.254.
On 28 December 1990, it was renamed "Palmar" by the Act of Ley Nº 16.170.
In 2011 Palmar had a population of 381.
Source: "Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay"William Kassebaum
William "Bill" Kassebaum (born February 11, 1962) is an American Republican politician, lawyer, and rancher.
Kassebaum served in the Kansas House of Representatives 2003-2005 from Burdick, Kansas, in Morris County, Kansas.
His mother is Nancy Landon Kassebaum, former United States Senator and Alf Landon, Governor of Kansas, was his maternal grandfather.
His brother was Richard Kassebaum a documentary filmmaker.Peter Bakare
Peter Bakare (born 2 July 1989) is a British volleyball player.
Born in London, England, he competed for Great Britain in the men's tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Peter started his sporting career as a basketball player.
Representing the London Royals and Eastside eagles.
During the time playing basketball he came runner up in the Essex Cup and also won the London Youth Games and the Essex Cup in later years.
While playing sports, Peter kept up his other passion in entertainment in the fields of theatre and arts.
Having his artwork tour the UK ending in an exhibition in the National Portrait Gallery and London Platform art.
Peter then took to the stage performing in for Talawa, Theatre Royal Stratford East, Hackney Empire and BBC Radio before joining the writing team for BAFTA winning E4 Series Skins’ first two seasons.
Peter joined Havering Sixth Form college where he was noticed at the London Youth Games to pick up volleyball at the age of 18.
Picking up the sport he joined Brentwood Volleyball club and was scouted to trial out for the England Juniors.
2008 saw Peter gain his first cap for England against Denmark.
Peter quickly transitioned from a basketball player to a volleyballer when he was selected for the GB Development squad in Sheffield.
While attending Sheffield Hallam studying Animation, Mr Bakare got his first Team GB debut in Slovakia in the European League.
While studying he represented Great Britain at the World University games in Serbia before putting studies on hold after securing his first pro contract in Holland for the Dutch A league side Landstede, Zwolle.
In the two years playing abroad, Landstede were the runners up in the Super Cup and also won the National Cup in the Olympic year, 2012.
Returning to England and the national team that year, Peter was selected for the Team GB Volleyball squad for the London 2012 Olympics.
Earning himself the Top Point scorer for GB in his Olympic start against Italy in Earl’s Court.
Peter now plays for Team Northumbria after completing his degree in Animation and diploma in executive coaching and leadership.
While at Team Northumbria playing in the top league Super 8’s, he has managed to win the League, National Cup and represent the university at the European university games in Croatia and currently trains with the England Senior Men’s squad.Baccharis neglecta
Baccharis neglecta (also known as false willow, jara dulce, poverty weed, New Deal weed, and Roosevelt weed) is a species of perennial plant in the sunflower family.
It is native to northern Mexico (Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, San Luis Potosí, Tamaulipas) and the southwestern and south-central United States (Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas).
"Baccharis neglecta" is a shrub occasionally reaching a height of .
The narrow, evergreen leaves that are up to long.
Male and female flowers grow separate plants.
Females are distinctive in that the flowers consist of small silky, greenish white heads.
The plants are arranged in large clusters up to or more long and wide.
Silky plumes start blooming in October and November.Miguel Arcángel Roscigna
Miguel Arcángel Roscigna was a blacksmith and a militant Argentine anarchist notable for his activity in Argentine expropriative anarchism.
Miguel Arcángel Roscigna was born in 1891 in Buenos Aires in the family of Italian immigrants.
After his release from jail, Roscigna disappeared in 1936.Kerevat
Kerevat (or Keravat) is a town and seat of Gazelle District in East New Britain Province, on the island of New Britain, Papua New Guinea.
It is home to a prison, the Kerevat National High School, the Kerevat Education Centre, and the Cocoa and Coconut Research Institute.
Its principal crop is cocoa.
An airfield was constructed here by the Imperial Japanese in World War II during September 1943.
Kerevat lies near Ataliklikun Bay, east of Vunakanau.
The Kerevat River flows through Keravet, from the beach to the prison (known as "Kindaim", meaning “crayfish" or “shrimp”).
The river flows between the Keravat High School and the prison fence.
A coastal road connects Kerevat to Rabaul in the north-east.
The average annual rainfall in Kerevat is .
Keravat Airfield was constructed September 1943 by the Imperial Japanese during World War II, but was never fully operational.
The airfield was neutralized by Allied air bombing from 1944, and was abandoned after the cessation of hostilities.
In the 1970s, "small trials in natural regeneration management" were conducted here.
The New Guinea Electricity Commission operated a power station of 1065 kW in Kerevat as of June 1973.
The Kerevat area has been subject to land resettlement and is a notable producer of cocoa; Australians began cultivating the land in May 1930.
Due to its status in cocoa production, Kerevat contains the Cocoa and Coconut Research Institute.
Kerevat has also been a notable research centre for entomology.
A new center for entomological activity was established in Kerevat in 1928 by the Department of Agriculture, operated by scientists such as J. L. Froggatt, B.
A. O'Connor, and Gordon Dun.
Kerevat Correctional Institution, or Kerevat Prison, nicknamed "Kindam" encourages prisoners to help farm the land.
Kerevat National High School and Kerevat Education Centre, are often used to train teachers, medical orderlies, and artisans for the government.
Kerevat National High School, the only national high school in the New Guinea Islands region, had an enrollment of 50 to 60 per cent of students from the Islands region and the balance drawn from the rest of the country.
The teaching programme covered technical and vocational skills to meet the nation's need to further the development activities.
In the past several years, the student who graduated from this school occupied important positions both in the government and private enterprises.
The school's reputation has taken a sharp decline resulting in its temporary closure during 2011 for reasons of “cult activities, the satanic worship reports, fights and other social problems and deteriorating school facilities”.
In 2012, Peter O’Neill, Prime Minister of PNG addressed this issue, stating that “Closure of the school is not an option,” and to graduate from classes 11 and 12, standards would be ensured.
He also directed his education Minister to institute an inquiry into the affairs of the school administration, particularly regarding misuse of funds during the last five years.
This inquiry would also look into the aspect of funding the school from the national exchequer.
AusAID and the PNG Government have provided K3 million for refurbishing and upgrading activities.
In 1913, Germans had plans to establish an Agricultural Research Station in Kerevat on the western boundary of the Vunirima and acquired land for the same.
In May 1930, Australians started work on the station, the delay attributed to non availability of a superintendent to supervise the works.
The agricultural station encouraged development of rice, maize and peanuts, developed in a rotational cycle and also trained sixteen trainees.
Cocoa was introduced in the research station in the later part of the 1940s and early 50s along with copra, and extension officers propagated it widely.
Cocoa techniques were modernized to raise crops (as a peasant cash crop), which would be competitive in the world market of cocoa for which Cocoa Growers Association was also established.
In PNG, sweet potato germplasm is currently held at the NARI Highlands Programme, formerly the Highlands Agricultural Experiment Station (1158 accession in 1998), Aiyura, and the NARI Wet-Lowlands, Keravat, formerly the Lowlands Wetland Agricultural Station, Keravat (1062 accessions in 1998).
Under the Secretariat for the Pacific Commission (SPC) and Pacific Regional Agricultural Programme (PRAP), PNG sweet potato varieties are being evaluated, indexed and tissue cultured at NARI, Keravat.
The Keravat station also has 73 collections from abroad.
Forestry stations, research centres and nurseries were also established at Keravat and in one year in the 1960s, the nursery produced 73,500 teak stumps, and 26,200 Terminalia species seedlings.
Assessments have indicated 1,022 genera of Tectona grandis and 624 Eucalyptus species in Kerevat.
The climate in the area is of tropical savanna and the annual rainfall varies between 1,750 and 2280mm per annum with an average of 2,077mm.
NARI (National Agriculture Research Institute), CCRI (Cocoa Coconut Research Institute), and OISCA (Overseas International Services Cooperation Agency) are extending full support to Kerevat in livestock, commercial crops, garden crops, and fishing projects.
The major livestock are chicken, ducks, fish and pigs.
The commercial crops grown are cocoa, coffee, citrus trees, balsa wood, guava, mangostin, pepper and vanilla.
Garden crops grown are aibika, broccoli, cabbage (round), capsicum, cucumber, "kaukau" (sweet potatoes), peanuts and snake bean.
Rice production in the only large rice mill at Kerevat is able to meet the requirement of the Gazelle Peninsula (District).
With funding from CSHQ, the number of cocoa trees and rice production could be enhanced to meet the feed requirements of livestock; plans have been charted for the same.
Keravat has an inland fishing project with more than five ponds where breeding of carp and Sepik Talapia takes place; the present stock in the ponds consists of more than 2,500 carp and 5,000 Sepik talapia.
The research activities in agricultural sciences are promoted through the Wet Lowlands Islands Programme (WLIP), earlier name was the "National Agricultural Research Institute".
It is part of the "Lowlands Agricultural Experiment Station (LAES)" at Keravat.
The agricultural research activities of all the five Islands provinces of East New Britain, West New Britain, New Ireland, Manus and North Solomon, each of which has its own distinct geographic identity, ethnic diversity and political affiliations (though have similar flora and fauna) are dictated by farmers and stakeholders requirements.
The research activities, which are adoptive in nature, tested at the laboratory and sites, are to cover: “Alternative Cash Crops such as vanilla, nutmeg, pepper, turmeric, cardamom, balsa; vegetables like pitpit and aibika; staple crops such as sweet potato, taro, Singapore taro, banana, cassava and yam; fruits and nuts -Indigenous nuts such as galip, okari and pau; commercialization of cocoa and other alternative cash crops; development and processing of rice, grains & pulses, maize, lowlands rice; and weeds management, Atolls agriculture development and Plant derived Pesticides.” Training is an essential part of the research involving farmers with field visits, film shows and other publicity materials.
National Agricultural Research Institute, Papua New Guinea in its Islands Regional Research Centre at Keravat (one of the four in PNG) has taro germplasm collection apart from traditional and exotic fruits and nuts species and traditional vegetables.
Plant genetic resources held in ex situ in the field and in the lab are: Keravta field collections are 105 national collections of sweet potato, 60 of bananas and 10 of taro; and Kerevata tissue culture are 5 working collections of sweet potatoes, 23 working collections of bananas and 5 working collections of Taro.
At the Lowlands Agricultural Experiment Station (LAES), the regional (islands) research station of the National Agricultural Research Institute (NARI) of PNG at Kerevat, eight selected clones (derived from 20 seedling trees that were evaluated over a 20-year period between 1980 and 1992 of durian (Durio zibethinus Murr) trees of the humid tropics were released to farmers with small holdings.
The edible fruit from this tree has a distinctive and delicious flavor (may not be popular for its smell to many).
NARI Keravat, has a programme of distributing grafted seedlings of these selected trees to those interested to plant and raise them.
The eight local varieties identified for their “yield, taste, flesh and colour” are “NKDZ5, NKDZ7, NKDZ8, NKDZ9, NKDZ11, NKDZ12, NKDZ15 and NKDZ20”.2008 European Road Championships
The 2008 European Road Championships were held in Stresa, Pettenasco, Arona and Verbania, in the province of Novare and Verbano-Cusio-Ossola, Italy, between July 3 and July 6, 2008.
Regulated by the European Cycling Union.
The event consisted of a road race and a time trial for men and women under 23 and juniors.
"incomplete list"Ben Pipes
Ben Pipes (born 21 October 1986) is a British volleyball player.
Born in Beverley, East Riding of Yorkshire, England, he competed for Great Britain in the men's tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Pipes is a former pupil of Cottingham High School in Cottingham.Dami Bakare
Oluwadamilola Bakare known as Dami Bakare (born 22 September 1988) is a British volleyball player.
Born in Kaduna, Nigeria, he competed for Great Britain in the men's tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
His brother Peter also played for the GB Men's Volleyball team at the 2012 Olympics.David Cumming
David Scott Cumming (6 May 1910 – 18 April 1993) was a Scottish footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for Aberdeen, Arbroath and Middlesbrough.
Cumming represented Scotland once, in a 1–0 victory against England at Wembley in 1938.
Middlesbrough signed Cumming from Scottish club Arbroath for £3,000 in 1936.
His career was interrupted by the Second World War, but he returned to play for Middlesbrough during the 1946–47 season.
During that season he was sent off in a game against Arsenal for punching Leslie Compton.
Cumming was forced to retire at the end of the 1946–47 season after operations failed to cure a knee injury.Luke Hume
Luke Hume (born 26 January 1988), nicknamed the "Bald Eagle", is an American rugby union and rugby league footballer who plays for the USA Eagles and USA 7s rugby teams.
He currently plays Wing and Fullback for Rugby United New York (RUNY) in Major League Rugby (MLR).
Hume also played for French club RC Narbonne in the Pro D2 during the 2013-14 season.
He formerly played rugby league with the USA Tomahawks.
Hume was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Originally from Sydney, Hume moved to New York City where he began playing rugby league for the New York Knights in the American National Rugby League.
In 2009, his first year with the team, he led the Knights to a league championship and was awarded AMNRL MVP.
Hume typically plays five-eighth.
Hume scored a hat trick to propel the USA Tomahawks to 38-20 victory over Ireland in the Donnybrook Cup.
In September 2013, Hume was called up to the Tomahawks World Cup squad but had to withdraw after sustaining a broken leg.
Hume debuted for the Eagles in June 2012 in a loss to Canada during which he scored a try.
Hume played club rugby union for Old Blue in New York.
In rugby sevens, Hume debuted for the U.S. national team in 2012, and helped the USA qualify for the 2013 Rugby World Cup Sevens during the 2012 NACRA Sevens.
Hume was signed to a contract by the U.S. national team for 2013.
In August 2013 Hume began playing for Gloucester A as part of a trial, scoring two tries in his first two matches for the A side team.
Despite strong performances, Gloucester were unable to sign Hume for the 2013-14 season, but were keen on the possibility of Hume returning for the following season.
In January 2014 Hume signed a contract for RC Narbonne until the end of the season under the 'Medical Joker' rule making two appearances for the side.
Hume left Narbonne at the end of his first season with the club, to pursue other opportunities in professional rugby.Universidad de Santiago metro station
Universidad de Santiago is an underground metro station on the Line 1 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile.
Is named for the nearby University of Santiago.
The station is adjacent to the Evangelical Cathedral of Santiago and to the main bus stations in the city.
The station has a central mezzanine that overlooks the outer portions of the platform level.
There is artwork on the walls of the four platforms stairways that honors the aforementioned university, which was unveiled on August 30, 2005.Hal Dixon
Hal Dixon may refer to:Milena Vuković
Milena Vuković (born 23 February 1986) is a Serbian football goalkeeper currently playing for BIIK Kazygurt in the Austrian Bundesliga at SV Neulengbach.
She previously played for ŽFK Sušica, ŽFK Šabac, Mašinac Niš, Napredak Kruševac and ŽFK Požarevac in the Serbian First League.
She has played the Champions League with Mašinac and BIIK, and she is a member of the Serbian national team.Daniel Hunter (volleyball)
Daniel Hunter (born 23 January 1990) is a British volleyball player.
Born in Poole, Dorset, England, he competed for Great Britain in the men's tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics.2012–13 Boston College Eagles men's ice hockey season
The 2012–13 Boston College Eagles men's ice hockey team represents Boston College in the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season.
The team is coached by Jerry York, '67, his nineteenth season behind the bench at Boston College.
The Eagles play their home games at Kelley Rink on the campus of Boston College, competing in Hockey East.
BC competed in two in-season tournaments during the 2012–13 season.
In December, the Eagles participated in the Mariucci Classic hosted by Minnesota in Minneapolis, losing to host Minnesota in the championship match.
BC also competed in the 61st annual Beanpot tournament alongside Boston-area schools Boston University, Harvard, and Northeastern, at TD Garden, defeating Northeastern in the championship to capture their fourth consecutive title.
Despite a strong 22–12–4 record and 15–9–3 in conference play, one point short of the regular season title, the Eagles did not fare well in the postseason.
Following a semifinal loss to Boston University in the Hockey East tournament, the Eagles fell to Union College in the first round of NCAA Tournament.
However, a few bright spots of the season included sophomore Johnny Gaudreau being a Hobey Baker award finalist after helping the US National Junior team to win a gold medal at the 2013 World Junior Championship in Ufa, Russia, as well as Head Coach Jerry York became the winningest head coach in NCAA Hockey history, passing Ron Mason, with his 925th win over Alabama-Huntsville in the 2012 Mariucci Classic.
The Eagles entered the season as the defending national champions, having won the program's fifth NCAA title by defeating Ferris State in the championship game of the 2012 NCAA Tournament.
BC also enters the 2012–13 season as defending Hockey East tournament and regular season champions, defeating Maine in the 2012 Hockey East Tournament final and finishing ahead of Boston University and UMass Lowell in the final Hockey East regular season standings.
BC also retained the Beanpot in 2012, their third title in a row, by defeating Boston University in overtime of the championship game.
The Eagles raised their 2012 National Championship banner to the Conte Forum rafters in their home-opener against Northeastern on October 20, 2012, a 3-0 victory.
April 10, 2012: Juniors Chris Kreider and Brian Dumoulin decided to forgo their senior seasons to pursue professional careers.
Kreider joined the New York Rangers, who drafted the forward in the first round of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft, making his debut for the Rangers during the 2012 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
Dumoulin joined with the Carolina Hurricanes organization, who had drafted him in the second round of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
He was then traded to the Pittsburg Penguins in the deal for Jordan Staal.
May 15, 2012: Boston College received an anonymous gift of $5 million to endow the men's ice hockey coaching position, the largest gift ever made in support of a BC athletics team.
May 16, 2012: The national championship team was honored in Boston at Boston City Hall and the Massachusetts State House.
The Eagles presented Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick with a commemorative hockey jersey.
September 20, 2012: Assistant Coach Greg Brown was promoted to Associated Head Coach.
Boston College adds six freshmen for the 2012-13 season: defenseman Colin Sullivan, a seventh round draft pick of the Montreal Canadiens in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft; defenseman Teddy Doherty, one of three current Eagles who played for Dubuque of the USHL; defenseman Michael Matheson, a first round pick of the Florida Panthers in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft; defenseman Travis Jeke, one of three players for Boston College from Pittsburgh; forward Brendan Silk, a product of the USA Hockey National Team Development Program; and forward Peter McMullen, who earned New Jersey Star Ledger All-State honors in 2010-11 after leading Delbarton Prep in scoring.
A seventh recruit, forward Frank Vatrano, withdrew from the University in later September 2012.
As of September 26, 2012.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Hobey Baker Hat-Trick Finalist
ACHA Division I - All Americans
Hockey East Player of the Year
Hockey East All-Stars
Hockey East Awards
New England D-I Men's Hockey All Stars & Awards
Hockey East Player of the Month
Hockey East Team of the Week
Hockey East Player of the Week
Hockey East Defensive Player of the Week
Hockey East Rookie of the Week
Beanpot - Eberly Award
61st Walter Brown Award
AHCA Terry Flanagan AwardOršić family
The Oršić family are an old Croatian noble family, descending from the Croatian noble tribe of Lapčan and Karinjan, remarkable in the Kingdom of Croatia in personal union with Hungary and within the Habsburg Monarchy respectively, whose notable members were politicians, senior military officers, župans or other state officials, as well as cultural workers and patrons.
The first mention of the Oršić family name appeared in a document from Knin in 1420.
The members of the family were mentioned to have originated from the area of Unac River, a tributary of Una, in the medieval Croatian county of Pset.
In another document from 1449, they are quoted as "Oršićs from Udrinić" (present-day Drinić, a village in the Bosanski Petrovac Municipality, western Bosnia and Herzegovina).
In the middle of the 15th century (between 1464 and 1472), the Oršićs moved to the northwest, due to the fall of the Kingdom of Bosnia and increasing danger of Ottoman Turks' territorial advancement.
They settled in Gorička County (), near present-day Karlovac, and acquired some smaller estates (Orehovac, Dol, Lipovac).
In 1487, king Matija Korvin granted them Slavetić estate, northwest of Jastrebarsko, and since then they carried the name Orssichs of Slavetich ().
They had a new castle built there, which still exists today.
Later they gained other estates like Gornja Stubica, Gornja Bistra and Jurketinec (near Varaždin).
In the 17th century the whole family property was in hands of a single man, Matija (Matthew) (c. 1600–1680), who was a captain of the Croatian Military Frontier.
With his wealth he enabled his descendants to advance further in the army, and to gain higher social status, power and reputation.
Matija's son Ivan Franjo Oršić (John Francis; 1630–1686) achieved the rank of vice-general of the Karlovac generalate.
He performed the duty of grand župan of the Modruš County as well, and in 1675 he was given the title of hereditary baron.
Much later, in 1744, his great-grandson Krsto /Christopher/ (1718–1782), a vice field marshal () of the Habsburg Monarchy imperial army, grand župan of the Zagreb County and the assessor of the Tabula Banalis, Ban's (viceroy's) Supreme Court, was given the hereditary title of count, for his military merits.
Adam Oršić (1748–1820), the eldest son of Krsto, performed the duty of imperial and royal chamberlain and was a chronicler of the Oršić family.
By the end of his life he wrote a large genealogy and history book of his own family.
His son Juraj (George) (1780–1847) was a politician, one of the leading supporters of Illyrian movement and Croatian national revival, who advocated the introduction of the Croatian language (instead of Latin) as official into Croatian institutions.
From Ivan Nepomuk Oršić (1752–1792), Adam's younger brother, originate all further members of the family, whose descendants live today in many countries all over the world.Mark Plotyczer
Mark Plotyczer (born 19 February 1987) is a British volleyball player.
Born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, he competed for Great Britain in the men's tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics.Erin &quot;Syd&quot; Sidney
Erin "Syd" Sidney is an American singer, songwriter and record producer originally from Vermont.
Syd has been described as a, ""complex musician that can definitely craft an intelligent pop song"".
He has been writing and performing music professionally since the late 1990s both as Syd and as part of several groups.
He continues to perform and now produces records as well.
Syd was born in Burlington, Vermont in 1982 to an artistic family with a background in music, writing and acting.
He grew up deeply immersed in the music business.
His father Don Sidney is a guitarist, songwriter and music business multi-tasker.
When Syd was a child, Don held various positions in the music business, including; a role at George Wein's Festival Productions (Newport Folk Festival, Newport Jazz Festival and New Orleans Jazz Festival), production manager at the Roseland Ballroom and an executive position at the House of Blues corporation.
He also provided tour management for rock groups like Lynyrd Skynyrd, Etta James and They Might Be Giants.
Growing up in the live music circuit and spending time backstage at festivals, Syd had the unique experience of meeting some musical legends and watching musical luminaries like Bonnie Raitt, BB King, The Neville Brothers and dozens more from the side of the stage.
Syd's early musical career was set in motion when a Gretsch drum set his paternal grandfather bought in the 50s made its way his mother's house in Thetford, VT.
The drums became an everyday part of life for Syd, and soon his skills on the drums developed.
He quickly branched out into learning the guitar and bass guitar as well.
By the end of high school Syd was playing school assemblies, parties and local coffee shops.
In the fall of 2000, Syd began attending classes at Emerson College in Boston, Massachusetts.
He became friends with other musicians and creative peers, some of whom would remain a part of his musical projects for decades to come.
During his college years he released his first album, "Week Days, Weak Knees" and officially entered the local music scene and the growing community of artists building the growing online music scene at music services like mp3.com and Napster.com.
Songs from this album along with a cover of Blink 182's "Dammit" ended up garnering over 500,000 plays on mp3.com.
The cover has often been mistaken to be from the band System of a Down.
The album was created in drummer/producer Jason Gardner's apartment, and featured Jason on drums with local Boston staple Tom Bianchi on bass guitar.
Made with minimal overdubs, the album started to make the rounds in Boston, eventually ending up in the hands of Nick Hartley, a manager at Fitzgerald Hartley Co. With the help of Nick and while still pursuing his degree at Emerson, Syd secured the representation of Wally's World of Entertainment, an agency specializing in college events.
Over the next few years, Syd would play festivals supporting bands like, Cake, John Mayer, Jason Mraz and fellow Emersonian Eric Hutchinson.
Through the National Association of Campus Activities events, Syd played over 250 colleges, mostly in the northeast and the Midwest.
In 2004 Syd released a well-polished second album, titled "Fault Lines".
The new album was produced by Todd Hannigan and Jesse Siebenberg.
Longtime childhood friend Jeremiah "Tuck" Stocking contributed guitar and songwriting.
The album was mixed and mastered by Jason Mariani at Brotheryn Studios.
The album was a notable success, especially online where it garnered 20,000 album downloads.
After graduating from Emerson College with a degree in New Media, Syd spent time alternately in New York, Boston and Vermont.
He continued to tour in support of his albums and play the college and festival circuits while writing material which would soon take him back to his Vermont roots.
Recorded in Williamstown, VT Syd released, "The Way We Found It" in 2007, and one review suggested Syd was, ""taking cues from Elliot [sic] Smith instead of Jack Johnson this time around"".
The album featured Dylan Allen on guitar, bass and vocals, Sam Smith on drums (now playing with Ben Folds).
It was engineered by Justin Galenski, mixed by Jeff Thall and was executive produced by Danny Weinkauff, bassist for They Might Be Giants.
In early 2008, Syd was still touring, sometimes as a solo artist and sometimes with the Who's That Pack, a singer / songwriter "super group" consisting of Chad Perrone, Tim Blane, Patrick Thomas Cupples and Syd.
However, Syd's pattern of songwriting and recording changed that year when he was approached by Lisa Piccirillo to produce her debut album, "Momentum".
This unplanned journey to the other side of the glass fed his growing interest in performance, composition and creating a finished product through collaboration with other artists.
Using the talent and songs of Piccirillo, Syd brought Patrick Thomas Cupples in to work on the songs and production, and commissioned artwork from Aaron Taylor Waldman (ATW), photography from Sea Wall Productions and mixing and mastering from Lane Gibson Productions.
Just as "Week Days, Weak Knees" launched Syd as a musician, "Momentum" marked a new beginning as well.
Not only was it the first official appearance of Syd as a record producer, it was also the beginning of The Co-Op, a music collective aimed at bringing creative minds together and putting their various talents to use.
With the launch of Momentum underway, Syd moved his focus to Gregory Douglass' album "Battler".
Released in 2009 and co-produced with Douglass, "Battler" saw more familiar faces join the process including Dylan Allen on guitar and bass and Matt Bogdanow on drums.
The album also featured a duet with fellow Vermonter Grace Potter.
"Battler" was mixed with Lane Gibson in Charlotte, VT, and the album was mastered by Jonathan Wyner at M-Works in Boston.
The album came out to critical acclaim, and Syd even got a few honorable mentions for producing the album: ""Battler might represent Douglass’ cleanest effort to date, which is saying something given the immaculate nature of his previous works.
Longtime friend and producer Syd deserves the credit here"".
After putting his own music on hold, it was time to lay down some new music of his own.
In late 2009, Syd released the EP "Upswing".
It was created west of Los Angeles, in Oxnard, California at Drum Channel Studios.
Dylan Allen once again played guitar and bass and Matt Bogdanow played drums on 2 songs ("The Pattern" and "Mallory") and Syd returned to the drums and laid down his first recorded percussion performances on "The Big Town" and "Easier on You".
The tracks were laid down with Kevin Majorino at Drum Channel, but as he had done in the past, Syd returned to Vermont to mix and master with Lane Gibson.
The EP was described as, ""unbridled, hook-heavy pop"".
Syd and his band went back on tour in support of the new record, but as it would turn out, Friday March 6, 2009—the last tour date for "Upswing" in Winooski, Vermont--would be the last Syd show for many years.
Though never publicly stating it, the project seems to be on hiatus.
Syd's input and skills were in high demand and the next few years saw him contributing to more and more record production projects.
In 2010, Syd was a part of the release of Zac Clark's debut album, "Young Volcanoes".
The connections made throughout his career also lead to an enduring project with Patrick Thomas Cupples and Lisa Piccirillo.
They embarked on a musical experiment they came to call Hotels & Highways.
2010 saw the release of their first album, "Lost River", which was created over the course of 10 days while the trio lived in a cabin in Putnam Valley, NY.
They composed, recorded and produced the album as a songwriting intensive and, once recorded, the project was funded entirely through a successful Kickstarter campaign.
The roots/folk/rock album was released to great acclaim and became an Amazon Editors Pick for 2011.
It also earned them a spot at the South by Southwest ASCAP showcase in Austin, TX alongside Dan Wilson (Semisonic) and The Civil Wars.
In early 2011, Hotels & Highways teamed up with Mia Dyson for an east coast tour, which in turn led to several more.
Dyson, an Australian singer and songwriter, has been lauded in her home country, winning an ARIA award among other accolades, and she has been steadily gaining a popular following in the US.
In the winter of 2011/2012, Syd and Patrick Thomas Cupples co-produced Dyson's new album "The Moment".
Alongside Dyson's singing and guitar work, the album features Syd on drums and Lee Pardini on bass and keys.
Released with the help of The Co-Op, the album has garnered exceptional press in Australia, including 4 stars in Rolling Stone Magazine and critics are claiming, ""Dyson...deserves every piece of praise that comes her way for what some have described [as] her career defining album"".
June 2012 saw Hotels & Highways and Dyson team up once more for an east coast tour, which led straight into another recording.
Once again Hotels & Highways adhered to their "cabin-grown music" philosophy and transformed a basement in western Massachusetts into a recording studio.
The trio released "Greetings from Wilbraham" on July 1 as a gift to their fans.
Syd has also been playing drums, writing and producing music in Ventura, California's hometown "western thrash" band, The Pullmen.
There is a family connection in the band...the lead singer, Shane Cohn, is also Syd's brother in law.
The band also features Matt Kash, formerly of The Missing 23rd.
Upcoming projects include new music from Zac Clark, BWilling James, The Pullmen and Mia Dyson.Equestrian at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Individual freestyle test grade Ia
The individual freestyle test, grade Ia, para-equestrian dressage event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was contested on 4 September at Greenwich Park in London.
The competition was assessed by a ground jury composed of five judges placed at locations designated E, H, C, M, and B.
Each judge rated the competitors' performances with percentage scores for technical difficulty and artistic merit.
The ten scores from the jury were then averaged to determine a rider's total percentage score.